Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just remind us, who was termed and who was not.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be resident and down with our charm awesome.
Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We don't know that right.
Timothy Sackton: Now we don't know I mean you saw the style being cast and you.
Timothy Sackton: saw their expressions change.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And immediately immediately before the spell is cast I had my hand up like in front of dealt with and I was saying to them like you need to leave right now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then, as soon as those cats and just sort of dropped that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So there's a there's a very substantial change enough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right right yeah it comes out just just in a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ready to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: portion fury.
Timothy Sackton: As we.
Timothy Sackton: begin our adventure tonight, a camera pans over a group of five adventures on the road.
Timothy Sackton: surrounding by a pair of dead we're in the midst of an escalating confrontation.
Timothy Sackton: The rolling grasslands, have a comprehensive stretching all directions forest trees dotting land the heat of the morning vanishing and the auction.
Timothy Sackton: Our adventures have traveled to the past five days towards darby following rumors of treasure.
Timothy Sackton: On this road, the rumors of danger group bandits in the corporate health a dragon.
Timothy Sackton: adventure is avoided battle with the band it's rumored to be making trouble these parts and proceeded cautiously alert for sites trouble.
Mike Sackton: You turn down the music a tiny bit then.
Timothy Sackton: yeah we zoom.
Timothy Sackton: To the scout writing slightly ahead, just as allowed lower can be heard some distance to the south, on the road followed quickly by the sounds of battle she's signals to her companions and they turned out to investigate.
Timothy Sackton: Now, are five adventures right hard towards danger alert for any signs of the dragon.
Timothy Sackton: And the lead rides the scout marcella short agile woman with unkempt brown hair mostly hidden under her staying traveling cloak.
Timothy Sackton: Just beside her via text or a big burly man wearing only a cloak in a stain sailors today because hubbard drawn and ready as he rides towards the sounds of combat.
Timothy Sackton: Following our two men catalyst leader of the expedition tall with an air of mystery little it states visible under it's dark.
Timothy Sackton: And cassie and short and totally nervous energy constantly glancing about short hair caught close cropped wearing stained way traveling.
Timothy Sackton: watching the rear rides Antonio red haired woman in the heavy suit of Armor.
Timothy Sackton: That seems to be perfectly molded to fit our body and that she carries lightly, despite her like.
Timothy Sackton: The adventure of crust the low Ridge on the North side of the road to DARPA and see the scene of victory and you battle below the two dead wyvern shattered on the ground, a large group of humans, mostly in poor fitting and badly maintained gear to monks.
Timothy Sackton: As well as to dwarfs than Alpha and happening a strange crew to be traveling on this record.
Timothy Sackton: These are the heroes of terroir rumored to have killed the goddess mother needed her layer had most not suddenly to cassie and he rides forward to negotiate hoping for a chance to redeem their so far rather disappointing attempts that antiquities hunting.
Timothy Sackton: As Kathy and speaks asking if they were seller barter anything on training Korean origin cadmus is only half of paint paying attention as the hassling insists on using his tricks to speak at him and it's hard to ignore.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, they are looking for a sector, an item of great great danger last fall off the tree Korean empire.
Timothy Sackton: This would indeed be a price to bring back to the great library.
Timothy Sackton: cadmus as attention returns to the conversation isn't consensus, the tension rising these travelers refusal to treat the castle.
Timothy Sackton: caffeine is not always the smoothest negotiator, but things are getting out of hand reaching towards the wall of power that always lingers near most cancer charm and watches that's one of the dwarfs the Alpha hassling relax into an attitude of easy friendship.
Timothy Sackton: As he nods to cassie and to proceed out of the corner of his eye, since one of the monks began to rush forward and anger.
Timothy Sackton: These ridiculous done Mari hector will deal with him, he thinks.
Timothy Sackton: And as we zoom out.
Timothy Sackton: To the scenes of the plane kenzo rushing forward.
Timothy Sackton: into the waiting glance of a barge human they even larger hubbard.
Timothy Sackton: I think you better all roll initiative just things organized.
Eric Rosenbaum: I hope I wrote.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wrote to be.
Mike Sackton: As a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whole but it didn't didn't go to roll 20 that's weird.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the extension.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I keep my role yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, why did everyone roll out with.
Mike Sackton: yo.
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled a 22.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's got this guy's.
Mike Sackton: seeger so you can seek as.
Timothy Sackton: The one wow yeah everybody's a little.
Timothy Sackton: My God, this is why the individual needs to get on their action.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah real 20 sexy little broken.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's sort of.
Timothy Sackton: not always the most.
Timothy Sackton: cleanest easiest to use option here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have actual dissected rule.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: I just need to add every single one of them and then add what I wrote.
Eric Rosenbaum: A little bit.
Timothy Sackton: But yes ah seeker.
Timothy Sackton: What are you doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker is in kind of a.
Eric Rosenbaum: reverie thinking about the items from drank or and wondering what's going to happen and.
Eric Rosenbaum: He he notices somehow simultaneously two things happening, one is that he's absent mindedly stroking taster the bunny at his side.
Eric Rosenbaum: bites him and he also notices kenzo flying through the Air For some reason and started an alarm by this and quickly casts polymorphous.
Eric Rosenbaum: attempt to turn kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: into a bunny rabbit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait you're not chart.
Now.
Mike Sackton: Finally, yeah apparently seekers try to turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you helping the fucking chart audience.
well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Actually, close to mechanical question.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah secret.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That a term so this test that you exist.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, given that you're a route of the experience magic user, I would say yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, you know that might.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): change nothing to change your actions but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But that should you know that they were aggressive posture.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: against us.
Eric Rosenbaum: My rationale actually has to do with the fact that we just fought a battle and we're facing obviously people that are obviously more powerful than us, or at least that's secrets assessment of the situation and so it's like you flying off the handle.
Eric Rosenbaum: is actually potentially disastrous.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, well, can I can can make a safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do Enzo is never going to want to adventure with seeker ever again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're within the party is definitely breaking today.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's a quick little bit.
Timothy Sackton: it's our wisdom savings.
Mike Sackton: And typically just waiting for one of us to attune to the sector and Look how badly we would add to that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait how do I do say.
Mike Sackton: You made it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Mike Sackton: OK, I see so yeah you.
Timothy Sackton: succeed on your saving.
Timothy Sackton: what's yeah what's your spell DC seeker.
Mike Sackton: says 16 in the text box.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, there you go So yes, you made it so nothing happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I know that secret was trying to turn me into a bunny rabbit.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a good question.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I would say.
Timothy Sackton: that's a tricky question because you haven't.
Timothy Sackton: You haven't.
Timothy Sackton: experienced a ton of magic like this, and I think you would be sort of surprised that I mean you don't know whether you don't really know.
Timothy Sackton: Whether seekers charmed like you don't quite know what's going on, or.
Timothy Sackton: I think you know he cast a spell on you that you didn't want to take a fact that you resist but I don't think you know, he would try to turn you into funny.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so this woman.
Timothy Sackton: up here on the horse seeing you.
Timothy Sackton: Seeing like.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo beginning to.
Timothy Sackton: run forward is just gonna ride up here kind of getting in your way and just say stop everybody calm down.
Timothy Sackton: will be returned.
Timothy Sackton: Her action.
Mike Sackton: That was will.
Mike Sackton: See where's where's Kansas like because I haven't actually.
Timothy Sackton: really done anything he's.
Timothy Sackton: he's like I barely started.
Mike Sackton: know we sort of starting to do something.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I like two weeks to prepare for it, though it was good to do that, so that.
Mike Sackton: That was just going to.
Mike Sackton: i'm not gonna do any of these.
Mike Sackton: delta is just gonna is gonna run kind of.
Mike Sackton: To hear kind of just sort of move.
Mike Sackton: Actually, can I, I can move in ready action.
yep.
Mike Sackton: So that was gonna stand here and ready an action to yeah what everybody likes to kenzo particularly.
Mike Sackton: they're not.
Mike Sackton: dealt with will yell to kenzo they're not they're not here to harm us they're just trying to help.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah these people who are more powerful than us, and another.
Mike Sackton: and
Eric Rosenbaum: You shouldn't preemptively attack yeah that's.
Mike Sackton: um and will ready an action to try and tackle kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah so similar to me how I tried to defuse the situation, the students.
Mike Sackton: i'm charged your gotcha okay Charles Charles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: secrets revealed himself his team cardone in.
Mike Sackton: charge.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think that's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: faster.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What can I, how do I get over it, and I should do I jumped I jumped over and I jumped over both horsley and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dealt with and smash my staff on this dude's head.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can move, you can easily move around them down with is going to try and grab you but he's pretty bad at that.
Mike Sackton: That was also chosen week useful attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So i'm going to.
Timothy Sackton: circle okay several things happen at once, first as you run past.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: download can get guess I can't I jumped i'm not running past dealt with it all going this way like i'm going up here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Inside jump over.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that just jumped over them.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah she'll get a chance to shoot you while you're doing that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's fine you gotta shoot me.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you, you could.
Mike Sackton: Read jumping.
Timothy Sackton: jump over them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'm gonna i'm gonna jump over and try to bring my and i'm gonna i'm gonna i'm gonna yell as i'm doing this i'm what am I gonna yell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hands, I was gonna yell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I knew like I knew Tony ins can't be trusted your us he said he's gonna yell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Trying to try and cast spells on like on my companions I knew I knew we can never trust you I knew we can never trust you char Tony ins and that he's gonna jump over and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Try to kill the spell caster guy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you jump over this big burly dude so your land you're like jumping over the horse and like landing here or here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm kind of like right here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, while you're in the air, like at the end of the reach of this hopper this big burly dude just swings up.
Timothy Sackton: Using has a reaction to make an attack against you.
Timothy Sackton: That is going to be a 27 to hit.
Timothy Sackton: And it's going to be 16 points of slashing damage.
Timothy Sackton: alive just.
Timothy Sackton: slams into you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Through the temporary implants like what happens there is that got it got a.
Mike Sackton: cure to go away forever.
Timothy Sackton: They go away for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: real damage i've got okay so i've got 10 hit points now and know temporary.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you take 10 points of damage, if you just put 16 and hit damage D amp D beyond to figure out for you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: already made some I don't even know how many hippos should I hadn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I.
Mike Sackton: Had 18 you should have eight if you had 20.
Timothy Sackton: You should have 800 points.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you can make your attacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He was kinda was very clear to yell at the chart God and and cast spells on, so this is just for everybody's awareness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: I cast spells.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like an advantage, or some kind of other serious thing.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no you don't get advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really, this is like the most.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like this is like moment this is like the one time the entire fucking campaign that he actually cares wants to kill somebody like you know, like like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really like this is literally the one moment in the entire fucking campaign that kenzo was like you know, really.
Timothy Sackton: Okay don't get advantage, just because you're like angry like that that would be you get a big advantage all without actually probably should get.
Timothy Sackton: extract.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, fine so that it's done yeah that's good 13 points of damage and then 10s is gonna how many do I have left.
Timothy Sackton: You out.
Timothy Sackton: You I don't think you I guess you didn't use any you remember.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah and i'm going to use up a fucking shitload of key right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: In November in battle really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wasn't playing you guys were playing us, I have no idea.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe we we might have forgotten to.
Timothy Sackton: subtract key because we were.
Mike Sackton: None of us can subtract he except TIM I don't think.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I probably forgot, because I was also running like 12 bad.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but it's fine, you can have all your key oh.
Timothy Sackton: i'll give you key recharge as your anger.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's good that actually makes sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like kinda like it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Suddenly, like replenishes all of this, like you know whole might all right i'm going to use can I use one around how many unarmed strikes, can I be if I use up all night.
Timothy Sackton: You can do to two additional on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So now I get one that's like an aisle three total right now three total one of our strikes.
Timothy Sackton: Three total unarmed strikes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Looking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh nice oh man i'm gonna Fuck this guy up that's that's very strong first one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Second, one probably misses.
Timothy Sackton: nope that hats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow i'm gonna kill this guy maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Not strike arrow comes flying at you.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah way to trigger being when cadmus look seriously hurt.
Timothy Sackton: But that's a one so that automatically listens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right Oh, can I catch it and throw it back.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh it's only if they hit.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah cuz it just flies why doesn't get close enough to you to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Remember redirect it.
Timothy Sackton: for you to get redirect at all right.
And then i'll do my.
Timothy Sackton: God that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This this This must stop this the charm by now right like they don't just.
Mike Sackton: No, no, concentration, although if he goes on.
Timothy Sackton: vacation.
Mike Sackton: What if he goes on conscious.
Timothy Sackton: abandon the SPA with that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because the unconscious know.
Timothy Sackton: Looking pretty badly hurt.
2020.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I said.
Mike Sackton: manager to.
Mike Sackton: buy.
Timothy Sackton: 30 right now you're unconscious that you're going to be unconscious sadly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's fine.
Timothy Sackton: Is he.
Timothy Sackton: Did but now this barbarian steps forward.
Timothy Sackton: And he just kind of like staggers back what kind of shocked actually by this.
Timothy Sackton: By the fury of your attack and he's like you know, he was dodging at the beginning, but like your last two strikes seriously hurt him and he is like bleeding from his face and he looks he looks.
Timothy Sackton: Almost scared.
Timothy Sackton: Like used car he surprised by this, but then he sort of glances over at hector a nod slightly and he steps forward with this hubbard.
Timothy Sackton: And he swings at you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wait TIM I just saw your message shit.
At 916.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is a that is actually really critical thing Oh well.
Timothy Sackton: The first strike.
Timothy Sackton: Of soccer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What could I have done that, and then attacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No okay all right, then I would have.
Timothy Sackton: An action.
that's fine.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the first strike with this hubbard is going to do 10 points of damage sorry 12 points of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so I am now negative four.
Timothy Sackton: And as you fall unconscious he clancy like glances over cadmus he shakes his head and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: looks off.
Timothy Sackton: Antonio who.
Timothy Sackton: On the horse.
Timothy Sackton: So then he'll, stop attacking when you fall unconscious and and he'll kind of.
Timothy Sackton: Stand you know looming over you with the Howard like don't get up but look up at Antonio who looks like she is preparing to.
Timothy Sackton: jump off a horse and cast them sort of style on ken's out.
Timothy Sackton: And she she sort of yells out I got it i'll be fine don't worry.
Mike Sackton: i'll be fine referring to who can sell or.
Timothy Sackton: Just sort of everybody they'll be fine.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody stopped.
Timothy Sackton: While me do you want to do anything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): uh yeah definitely so i'm going to look it over to kenzo and you know fearlessly pull out my.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): healers kit and then to cheer him up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that he's not in depth saves and sort of tend to his wounds and just and i'll say as i'm feeling the hell is going on here.
Timothy Sackton: And tanya that's a woman on the horse like looks it looks over and you like yeah you, you know, giving you a glance like.
Timothy Sackton: i'm with you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Was kenzo talking about.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of shrugs like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Blind bitch.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Yes.
kate: Are we still in like initiative mode here.
Timothy Sackton: No, I don't think at this point, we need to be um.
kate: Well then, I want to rush over an actual use magic to.
Timothy Sackton: yeah Antonio Antonio jumps off or or and as residents are watching over you both like our casting spells at the same time she takes out this like little.
Timothy Sackton: sort of pulled this and kind of.
Timothy Sackton: ways that around and then sort of presses it up against kenzo and heals him.
Timothy Sackton: six points six points of damage.
Mike Sackton: she's healing cancer or her.
Timothy Sackton: First kenzo so it.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't die and then her companion.
Timothy Sackton: And then cosmos is going to sort of.
Timothy Sackton: step forward as.
Mike Sackton: h.
Timothy Sackton: CAD most is the one who charmed you yeah is this one as i'm.
Timothy Sackton: You know everybody's kind of gathering up and just.
Timothy Sackton: Now, perhaps we could.
Timothy Sackton: continue a conversation without any more.
Timothy Sackton: unpleasantness.
Timothy Sackton: I see you have a healer as well Antonia and.
Timothy Sackton: The dwarf can deal with the wounded.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think our conversation is at an end and and and you might do best to leave us in peace.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't appreciate magical manipulation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like about seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just a Mon AMI.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: I would.
Timothy Sackton: You are the one casting spells on your allies dwarf.
Timothy Sackton: I saw what you were trying to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only trying to save his life, which was nearly ended.
Timothy Sackton: His life was never in danger.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): None of this is.
Timothy Sackton: What do you take us for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is awake now can I like talk.
Timothy Sackton: For a minute I was awake yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But your.
Eric Rosenbaum: flat on your back.
Timothy Sackton: you're back.
Mike Sackton: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yellow ball well be you and Richmond and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dealt with are all under the mages incantation right now so let's just be clear about that yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And so that is ludicrous would never do that to us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here and.
Mike Sackton: Powerful just look at the major I assume he's lying.
Timothy Sackton: Cast lately line I don't understand.
Mike Sackton: So you did not catch themselves.
Timothy Sackton: TIM now.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm going to cast dispel magic on welby is I can work.
Timothy Sackton: yeah ah.
Timothy Sackton: But it would work, except.
Timothy Sackton: That cassie and is going to counter spell it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well yeah but TIM kenzo is going to healing is going to cleansing touch fucking welby who's right next to me like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can reach out as well.
Timothy Sackton: That barbarian dude standing over so you can't get up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um but i'm just you know cuz well, we came over to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me is like treating me kenza will will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As they're touching your cleansing touch also gonna be great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that actually gonna remove the term.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It will.
Mike Sackton: Wait.
Mike Sackton: You just have to spell magic in the mate just catch yourself it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we didn't actually do that Okay, so I.
Timothy Sackton: got a mark install slots.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh i'm out of weight.
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel like DDB on sometimes marks my spell spots and sometimes it doesn't I had to left okay.
Timothy Sackton: Not only and sometimes just fix it it's fine.
Timothy Sackton: I thought.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes, if you market slot manually then hit cast spell it marks two slots.
Timothy Sackton: yeah um.
Timothy Sackton: No and can most says no more magic stop it.
Mike Sackton: i'm concerned cadmus for my friends, if he thinks this felt was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: didn't didn't I just.
Mike Sackton: Did that I did yeah you do that too well.
Mike Sackton: yeah well you do, that was.
Timothy Sackton: This was a fourth level spouse, so you have to roll a wisdom check.
Mike Sackton: If.
Mike Sackton: If he thinks the stuff was cast.
Mike Sackton: I do not think he is.
Mike Sackton: crazy because they're not be some.
Timothy Sackton: it's you you reach out while our kids.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's can I use my motivate.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that would let you reroll that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'm gonna do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm gonna do it.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah like.
Mike Sackton: All of our spouse, our fourth level.
Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wish I could use my motive fate to make ends up your own save on the phone.
Mike Sackton: i'm Kathy there but.
Mike Sackton: There must be something, should we not walk for the source of this suspicion.
Mike Sackton: Good they're not be another.
Mike Sackton: pastor something around.
Mike Sackton: A companion for the women or some such.
Timothy Sackton: As possible sort of glances over my Salah go go scout go do a circle around make sure.
Timothy Sackton: there's nobody moving on these planes that it's not accounted for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: them on.
Mike Sackton: The source of a style.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And when can I do a do it again because i've got i've got.
Timothy Sackton: Another you got seven kids just to keep it a try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah So what can I do that again.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, like just a minute let's wrap up with another second in the conversation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alternatives they look good good good you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): lower the picture of everyone right now we're all, what is the word, everyone can you slow down step back.
Timothy Sackton: Had cat analysis going to look around and sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Motion motion doll with over.
Timothy Sackton: and say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do, yet.
Timothy Sackton: As soon as he's done speaking.
Timothy Sackton: I gotta say sort of in a low voice that won't carry to the.
Timothy Sackton: to any of the probably everybody who's clustered around here would here but won't carry to.
Timothy Sackton: To seeker or to any of the bandits.
Timothy Sackton: If you are indeed carrying this item, this sector, it is.
Timothy Sackton: well known.
Timothy Sackton: that its main power is that of charm and its main desire is to be used.
Timothy Sackton: If you ever been carrying it untouched for weeks or more.
Timothy Sackton: It may be acting on its own.
Timothy Sackton: You know I know if you have this item, but there is strange charm magic that cannot be accounted for flying ground we must take this possibility seriously.
Timothy Sackton: And indeed your dwarf friend there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What a fucking lying, if you would please.
Mike Sackton: provide me who.
Mike Sackton: Is the Center.
Mike Sackton: Of the portable.
Timothy Sackton: it's in the portable yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay did della has the portal right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I thought wasn't well dynamics doesn't matter let's.
Mike Sackton: Make it, I think, dealt with has to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do with those little I have been growing sector stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm gonna try to try to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Try to.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can try and get to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God.
Timothy Sackton: As you're touching so.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's the worst.
Timothy Sackton: Oh send you a message calm you're going to get some information.
Timothy Sackton: it's just a coupon.
Mike Sackton: code starved off, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At the end i'm done.
I don't want to play anymore.
kate: convert me.
Mike Sackton: or yeah or dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: Like why well wow the Barbara.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All these gonna funding.
Timothy Sackton: The barbarian has not let Kansas stand up, the only person who can easily touch as well be you came over to bend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Another know that I had you.
kate: Know had him to to heal him.
Timothy Sackton: Oh that's true.
kate: yeah i'm i'm next to him as much as well be is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah well well he's going to be on team comes out as soon as he's ready to fucking wake up.
Mike Sackton: Can.
Mike Sackton: Effects like you say.
Mike Sackton: Cross dimensions.
Timothy Sackton: classes over cast yet and sort of motion some over cassie and kind of comes over i'm.
Timothy Sackton: We know very little.
Timothy Sackton: about the power of these ancient artifacts.
Timothy Sackton: don't wonder high end.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've got two more key TIM so just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: says.
Timothy Sackton: Time is right or shy yeah.
Timothy Sackton: marcia these.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not optimistic, though.
Timothy Sackton: The ancient drain Koreans new far more about the magic of the planes and we know now and sort of glances over at Kathy and Kathy and kind of.
Timothy Sackton: walks up as sort of nervous energy yeah it's.
Timothy Sackton: amazing what they could do I, I honestly wouldn't put anything past.
Timothy Sackton: That drink Korean.
Timothy Sackton: crafters and and.
Timothy Sackton: spell casters they.
Timothy Sackton: Almost everything we know about extra dimensional portals and various kinds of extra dimensional spaces is pales in comparison to what they did.
Timothy Sackton: Is that possible have I seen items that could create these effects from.
Timothy Sackton: Other planes.
Timothy Sackton: know, is it possible for something like this for sure.
Timothy Sackton: This is why it is so dangerous we know.
Timothy Sackton: so little about.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The.
Timothy Sackton: powers that the drink Koreans could put into these things, and what they did with these items, you know the stories of drink Korean conquests, how do you think they secured such a large empire in such a short time it's not through might have arms alone.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright guys, I do not have good faith in this role because d&b on fucking sucks today but let's see what happens.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Be maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: works.
Timothy Sackton: You need to beat up working.
Eric Rosenbaum: poof.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This will be realized what is unfolded like this, he, like no.
Timothy Sackton: He doesn't realize until the.
Timothy Sackton: charm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: breaks that that any now he knows that he's been.
Timothy Sackton: harmed yeah yes now he knows he's been charmed.
kate: I just like to get a word in edgewise.
Yes.
kate: That I.
kate: That.
kate: I don't know what all of this conversation on abstract magic you folks are having has to do with anything but we had said, we were done with this conversation, so perhaps that's tempers are running high, we should pick our separate ways.
kate: I think are suggested.
Eric Rosenbaum: we've got banned it's too many manage captured we've earned to sell a road to travel it's getting late.
Mike Sackton: Do.
Timothy Sackton: Those kind of.
Timothy Sackton: glances over casting and glancing over you.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry go ahead.
Mike Sackton: I was just to say I do appreciate.
Mike Sackton: Your advice and concern, but I do think perhaps it is time for us to the other way.
Mike Sackton: We do have a few.
Mike Sackton: Just as.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As I want to just give it back after doing that crouched on the ground.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Next to kenzo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will be is very carefully and steadily choosing his mark on Ken most his body.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): pay attention I don't think they are.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): bears Teddy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Focus gaze Estella continuous.
i'm.
Mike Sackton: delta saying there are some.
Mike Sackton: Small trinkets that we have from I get to they are would be of interest to you.
kate: This morning with that with that girl marcella before.
Mike Sackton: don't think we showed that we show her we talked about any of the items that we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know we definitely did not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kg with her.
Mike Sackton: Dallas shows the ring he's wearing.
Mike Sackton: This rain, for example, is during Korea, I believe.
Mike Sackton: came from Augustus person.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey TIM is kenzo know that it worked that he was able to to.
Timothy Sackton: Because yeah I think your message.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, good good good yet so so once once like kenzo knows that it worked kenzo is like looking at well be like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we talk telepathically no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): not going to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay well be his in his own he is in Portugal.
Mike Sackton: um this rain, for example, is during Korean.
Mike Sackton: it's been a help to me at times I wouldn't want to part with it, but you're interested in items like that we would be willing to show it to you.
Mike Sackton: My companion seem anxious to be under delap kind of looks pointedly at Kansas my companions DC anxious to be on their way and I must admit, although kenzo is.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps the victim of a trick of some kind.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Mike Sackton: It may be time for us to go, I do apologize for the army may have caused, but I think you repeat it in turn.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: I would seek to find the.
Timothy Sackton: source of this mystery.
Timothy Sackton: I am worried that, for your safety.
Timothy Sackton: But if you feel you must be on your way.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps we should look for the source of this mystery, we have just bought a weapon, could we rest awhile and then walk together.
Eric Rosenbaum: Building quite it's best that we part as friends.
Mike Sackton: Okay i'm quite drained and could use a meal and.
Mike Sackton: A little rest before.
Mike Sackton: eddie great exertion.
Mike Sackton: Although I think if my again my friend seem anxious to be on the way and.
Mike Sackton: I would cook you a meal, if you wish.
Mike Sackton: Take a short rest.
Mike Sackton: And perhaps we can get to the bottom of this if you desire to to do so.
Timothy Sackton: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
Do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is a are our.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker and myself, do we are, we are we confident that cadmus was the guy to cast charm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We some.
Timothy Sackton: You saw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah you saw okay okay all right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good.
Mike Sackton: there's been some misunderstandings here I would repay it.
Mike Sackton: Although I understand if you must be on your way.
Timothy Sackton: We have a long road ahead.
Timothy Sackton: Are you heading to darby.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Do you expect to stay there long, where do you had turned our back.
Mike Sackton: so uncertain, to be honest.
Mike Sackton: We.
Mike Sackton: had talked to perhaps going to chart in.
Mike Sackton: But we had also oh wait hold on pause remind me are we supposed to be taking Joe her all the way to the.
Timothy Sackton: Just just by okay.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: We are also escorting our friends with important messages to I can never remember the guy's name.
Mike Sackton: The go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kart current.
Mike Sackton: No, no.
Mike Sackton: kind of.
Mike Sackton: The King I can't remember the canes day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Mike Sackton: I always want to call them daya.
Mike Sackton: Come.
Mike Sackton: kindness is.
Mike Sackton: my companions friends here, Joe hires is.
Mike Sackton: Bringing important messages to.
Mike Sackton: US and.
Mike Sackton: There was some.
Mike Sackton: hard to know what that bubble brain, but I do not expect we will stay.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Mike Sackton: I expect we will be on our way either north or south.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps if you come to chart and.
Timothy Sackton: revisit this conversation.
Mike Sackton: Are you heading that way now.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps.
kate: unlikely, some of us will see you there.
Timothy Sackton: If you do carry any powerful items that you recovered from a gotta.
Timothy Sackton: Do not think we should part without sharing some information as to what.
Timothy Sackton: You have found and what to be concerned of.
kate: What was that ring a goddess.
Mike Sackton: This rain was yes.
Timothy Sackton: She was a.
Timothy Sackton: Ancient creature of chaotic evil.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's gonna talk right now what.
Timothy Sackton: She accumulated is truly safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We just got talking right now.
Timothy Sackton: spell caster says cosmos.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kinds of online on the ground, still pending shit right, so it says Kansas, just like just leave us just leave us baxter just nothing more to be saying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is it included of who their second is after cadmus.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Marcel our or cassie and it's sort of hard to say.
Timothy Sackton: marsala sort of right as a grid and often is now sort of coming back over the horizon, this way kind of yelling to yelling out to cadmus.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing around.
Timothy Sackton: shields are clear.
Timothy Sackton: says, again, you are risking much not.
Timothy Sackton: You proceed with little knowledge of these things.
Timothy Sackton: How much you really know about what you've recovered from this creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: We did find.
Eric Rosenbaum: A powerful Nicholas.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of tongues but that we destroyed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Please just leave us.
Mike Sackton: Welcome welcome well baby what is well we doing right now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, be is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's very quick but looking at him, you notice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, my attention is locked in and cosmos like every few seconds, or so I will check the position of everyone else, and where they are.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So you know well enough.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): From having been on the road, a long time though that's will be ready for a fight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and trying to look nonchalant about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And kenzo again students it's just like also glancing at well be like you know you can you might even be able to tell that we're telepathically communicating.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And kenzo is just like leave like looking at you know cadmus just leave us like you can tell, is just like just go like it's it could get bad if we don't go if they don't go right now.
Mike Sackton: That was much.
Mike Sackton: We learned from August.
Mike Sackton: And from Chicago.
Mike Sackton: That perhaps would be interesting to discuss but.
Mike Sackton: That was just looks around that.
Mike Sackton: This is not.
Mike Sackton: It sorry glancing at the bandits right and.
Eric Rosenbaum: The dead wavering on the ground, the.
Mike Sackton: place, I think, to.
Mike Sackton: Be I would be pleased to hear more of your wisdom here, but my companions are nervous about something clearly I don't know what it is, I can't just sit here and ignore it like nothing is happening.
Mike Sackton: I think if you want to have a deeper conversation, and I would be welcome one, we have to find a place that is less.
Mike Sackton: haunted than here.
Mike Sackton: or find what is causing the hunting like I suggested.
Mike Sackton: If you are reluctant.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can communicate through an intermediary or or by.
Eric Rosenbaum: By letters I.
Mike Sackton: Am I am uneasy here there's not a place to talk about such things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As we start, we can meet you and charting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and discuss their.
Timothy Sackton: If you will give.
Timothy Sackton: My companion.
Timothy Sackton: 10 minutes.
Timothy Sackton: He can create a safe place to rest.
Timothy Sackton: That cannot be penetrated by dangerous from the outside.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Should we trust you after you charmed us when the first negotiation fans.
Timothy Sackton: remain convinced that this was the action of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And no, it was you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know so you.
Timothy Sackton: stopped her.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You deceive your own companions now if they don't if they don't totally understand your chicanery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can trade on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Until you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Surely this is not your intention also.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): him I get.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But surely this is not what you would find appropriate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For a company funded appropriate if they did that.
Timothy Sackton: actor just kind of cranston shrugged and kind of looked at cadmus and like you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So I know hector.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But Castilian Barcelona until you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is not what we do, this is not what civilized people do.
kate: So civilized people to.
Mike Sackton: Had most your offers generous give me half hour to see to my companions and and.
Mike Sackton: Let me talk with them privately for a moment.
Mike Sackton: i'd be glad to consult further in your safe space.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): he's not going to do that with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, because you're also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're also charmed wizman.
Eric Rosenbaum: kenzo you won't get through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know but it's good for everybody to hear, especially at the cardone and companions who I agree with with well be may not be as aware of the deception being unfolded here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is the audience for all of this, like a surgery, like me, talking to deal with this theater and a little bit because the real audience is casting in Barcelona.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: marsala is gonna ride over is riding over here and just kind of listening in now just kind of watching she still has her both strong like you know ready in a moment i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: done with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Would you say your closest friends are right here, you know the ones that you just trust the most and just feeling really great about who would you say.
Mike Sackton: And concerned kenzo.
Mike Sackton: That you are under the influence of some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: magic but who who else who else do you think here are your closest convenience that you trust the most.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cadmus is one right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Since you you trust him greatly don't you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Having just met him right now.
Timothy Sackton: padma sort of walked over to go whisper something cassie and.
Mike Sackton: They wish like CAD Moses, of the major.
Timothy Sackton: cadmus is the one who charmed you they'd like.
Timothy Sackton: shadowing guide gaussian the.
kate: Like the guy.
Timothy Sackton: The first one.
Mike Sackton: Right right right.
Mike Sackton: kinds of these.
Mike Sackton: These folks seem honest and noble to me and, like us, our.
Mike Sackton: travelers with many stories to tell I would not say he is my closest friend.
kate: aside tip this term we're like if we just trusted marsala before and caffeine before this cadmus is try and make us does it affect our perception of all of the people in this.
Timothy Sackton: Just him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: walk that back.
Mike Sackton: yeah okay so then that's actually I didn't even think of that I was assuming we changed our PA all of them.
Timothy Sackton: have done.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is great actually.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because will be will say to cassie and.
Mike Sackton: Oh actually that's.
Mike Sackton: It was, I thought of that that would change everything I want to set.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you remember not within three minutes ago we were at our throats I told you, you need to go now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you remember that that was not even three minutes I do remember the very next thing that happened was that we were all the best of old friends and buddies and all of a sudden, that one doesn't strike you as strange is that not weird that it's because of the charm still that he cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: will be right.
Mike Sackton: There seems to be.
Mike Sackton: there's.
Mike Sackton: Wait cadmus is the guy can't keep the institute's a canvas page guy.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: And and he's the only one that we're in fact that the charm would actually work on, so we would still be suspicious of the other guys.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Not.
Timothy Sackton: it's not.
kate: it's not it's it's it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's a loose thing right like you wouldn't.
Timothy Sackton: You wouldn't immediate you went to your feelings on everybody else wouldn't.
Timothy Sackton: Immediately completely unaffected obvious, because if you think he's a.
Timothy Sackton: Like you think he is like a friendly guy his motive you don't question he's not going to be traveling with a bunch of complete you know.
Timothy Sackton: garbage people, but you would certainly not be nearly as swayed by the other by his companions as by hand.
Mike Sackton: will be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will be put his hand up again in in like a replay of what happens less than five minutes earlier and say you need to leave now we'll See you in charlton will negotiate in charge, we don't take this experience as something negative of the society or the great library.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But this is the end of this conversation.
Timothy Sackton: He is still kind of looking at cassie n.
Timothy Sackton: And they're kind of.
Timothy Sackton: He turns back and he's about to say something and antonio's like lifts the brand and says wait.
Timothy Sackton: Look.
Timothy Sackton: there's we don't want this to devolve into some nasty fight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): don't either.
kate: No.
Timothy Sackton: I don't want to hurt any of you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We don't leave it.
Timothy Sackton: kind of seems like you do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He had hondas first.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): First move was from tennis.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's true.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You have.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): been just the same.
Timothy Sackton: We have been traveling for a long time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You try it you've just charmed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For our fucking companions.
Mike Sackton: Something.
Timothy Sackton: we've been traveling for a long.
Timothy Sackton: Times, with little to show for it.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps my friend was slightly overzealous.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We speaking right now.
Timothy Sackton: Antonia the red haired woman.
kate: Oh no horse.
sword.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hamza doesn't.
care.
Mike Sackton: How.
Mike Sackton: Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: We didn't we didn't mean to hurt your friend.
Timothy Sackton: didn't have to come to blows.
Timothy Sackton: pachter could have.
Timothy Sackton: how'd you off without swinging his weapon, there was no need for you to fall unconscious.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed i'm sorry.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I could have negotiated without.
terminus.
Mike Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: somebody explain what is going on here.
Mike Sackton: My friends, being attacked by some invisible force.
Mike Sackton: Or is you have something else to say something is not right.
Timothy Sackton: your friends seem highly suspicious of us for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because you've charmed our friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And until now moto X.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): make us an offer.
Eric Rosenbaum: This.
Timothy Sackton: 500 gold.
Timothy Sackton: And just tell us what you found.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We give you the 500 or do.
Timothy Sackton: We give you 500 gold.
Timothy Sackton: You tell us what you found what.
Timothy Sackton: What was in a gotchas layer
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we have this conversation, and maybe like 45 minutes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Then i'm open to this.
Mike Sackton: I still want to know.
Mike Sackton: What is going on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your trend, right now, and all that but it's just well yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We appreciate your offer we're going to take a moment to discuss among our group and and formulate our response, if you will give us some privacy.
Timothy Sackton: A quiet time you need make sure you all stand very close together, please.
Timothy Sackton: Just in case anybody makes a sudden move we don't like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well we'll be over the rise, so you went up to see us.
kate: Are we, leaving.
whoo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, intern.
Timothy Sackton: Now now we're never.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Mike Sackton: It until yet i'm sorry, you said, your friends were overzealous.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What did you mean by that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): explain what that means.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, did you not see guess man get nearly sliced in half by a giant Howard.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But doesn't know you man.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: Only after he nearly killed your companion.
Mike Sackton: That is not like Kansas.
Mike Sackton: and, frankly, he only was almost sliced in half by Albert because he was almost killed by a river than minutes ago.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think it's overzealous to slay someone in half women attacked her companion, that seems like a reasonable response.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But if that's not the overzealous part.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Has it just looks at all of the chart audience so just to be clear, all of you are okay with your mates here charming our whole party you you're all okay with this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like and kensal like one by one, is making eye contact actually i'm going to Seoul slate and just see like if, like are they like yeah totally we have chart o'neill's role or do any of them actually have like a slight like oh like this, I don't really like what catalyst yeah.
Timothy Sackton: make him inside check with advantage.
kate: him Father so setting hector.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: I just.
Mike Sackton: Until you must understand my companions.
Mike Sackton: Do not usually act like this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 25 very insightful.
Mike Sackton: So, here are some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh i'm i'm ready i'm excited for this let's let's let's see the breakdown of how this party rolls right here.
Timothy Sackton: i'm going to send you a message.
All right.
Mike Sackton: I really feel is some foul magic at work and nobody seems to be listening to me or carrying on either side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You are charms dealt with cadmus cast a charm spell upon you well be and rosewood, which is why, when, and you are both unaware of what the hell's going on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And what was until 10 zero release.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Antonia you know that what catalyst is doing is wrong, do you not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That this tension that's been created is unnecessary and that now is not the time to have this discussion.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here here's our corner of which.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will be Antonio you know I you know what I you know I speak truth here.
Timothy Sackton: Are you gonna give us antiquities or not.
Timothy Sackton: This is what i'm here for.
Timothy Sackton: Ancient knowledge of a past age, you seem very reluctant to share anything you know for unclear reasons.
Eric Rosenbaum: For people who are very interested in the ancient knowledge, perhaps, perhaps you have some you could share with us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will be.
kate: What he was trying to tell.
kate: me Gary things.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will be reaches into his pocket and i'll pull up the ever studied talk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right hold it up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I said, look at the top it spins when you look at it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And i'll throw it over.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To you graduate here.
Timothy Sackton: Oh that's quite useful actually a scribe detector.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I wonder if these were common she's like.
Timothy Sackton: She looks she yells over casting we should we should test this later with your arcane I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Could you test it later it's not yours.
Timothy Sackton: Oh you're not giving this to us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That seems like an absurd question.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): bandits.
Timothy Sackton: Why did you just throw it to me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): US for ancient knowledge from drink or This is something we found ancient from drink or.
kate: Elvis showed you bring will be showed you this anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: marcella because I was looking at marcella now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: None of us want to be in this situation, I know you don't want to be in the situation, either, let us all stop this unpleasantness I was ready to kill you guys, a moment ago, but I pulled myself down now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's just part ways now.
Timothy Sackton: Antonia kind of looks looks around and.
Timothy Sackton: kind of leans in a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: And she she lowers her voice pitch so that.
Timothy Sackton: That only kenzo and and well be who are right next door can hear.
Timothy Sackton: And she says.
Timothy Sackton: You know this isn't going to stop.
Timothy Sackton: He knows that gotta had.
Timothy Sackton: Many things.
Timothy Sackton: it's not just gonna let it go.
Timothy Sackton: throw us a bone here.
Timothy Sackton: give you a good price.
Timothy Sackton: And I will leave.
Timothy Sackton: Even just information would be enough.
Timothy Sackton: don't find few others who are willing to offer you.
Timothy Sackton: Such a price simply for information.
well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): have information.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or understanding is that the way to of gotchas layer is hidden from all the one very specific direction.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can share that with you and give you the instructions on how to get there, there were areas that we didn't search there were these mountains thorns and grasses and things that we did not opt to go into.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: going well, the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It may well be the case that there's more there, we did not spend several days there looking behind every possible thing for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It is entirely possible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My friend speaks with great truth, wisdom and sincerity indeed our plan was to destroy the layer
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah there's definitely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will share what we know of the dangerous and the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can see for yourself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Surely, even the fact that hiding is itself useful knowledge.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The way it was done.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In a role of precision check.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Have a zero in persuasion.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): chose.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): want to give me a vintage since we're all interested in de escalating the situation.
Timothy Sackton: Kansas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas totally helping.
Timothy Sackton: You can see she's a little tempted, but it is it's a long journey.
Timothy Sackton: Talking about three weeks minimum and it's been a long time.
Timothy Sackton: Since the layer once since the godson was killed.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but no can get the sense that she's kind of.
Timothy Sackton: skeptical that.
Timothy Sackton: Like what's gonna be laughed that place has been looted.
Timothy Sackton: there's no month ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look.
I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You made it in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We did, and it took a lot of fucking effort for a bunch of reasonably powerful folks about as powerful as yourselves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we paid a price to get there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we can show you the way and it's you can pass all your balls on myself well be you know we're speaking with sincerity, we did not search the entire place those grounds, who else who knows what she kept there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and actually mapped the whole thing and i'm a cartographer by training and I can I mean I can literally.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): into the maps that I made.
Timothy Sackton: For me, this is indeed are tempting offer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really quickly what other drink Korean items do we have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The ring got this that spinning top.
Mike Sackton: Yes or drink or at our.
Mike Sackton: thing we have your ring of jumping Kansas ring at this place to demonstrate displacement.
Eric Rosenbaum: The.
Mike Sackton: message, the message stones.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I couldn't have this.
Mike Sackton: I think that's it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Given the top now don't you wish to be kept the fucking necklace ring the fucking necklaces.
Mike Sackton: And wasn't that was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was August.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's right but it wasn't trained Korean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean some of these things you don't actually know right.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: that's true there's some things that we don't have a.
Mike Sackton: Although most of these we know.
Mike Sackton: That vicious shorts or we don't know.
Mike Sackton: Raven when when there's some unclear origins.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So just incidentally so far we're ooh for two minutes of.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
useless.
Mike Sackton: That dream mirror record took to this place, I mean there's actually not even that many things that are unclear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we do we want to just give them the give them the top.
Timothy Sackton: What yeah you don't have a ton of drink.
Mike Sackton: Right now.
Mike Sackton: I mean, he dumbasses mirror is drunk Korean.
Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I appreciate this it's it's been some on on the road mentoring and long time since i've gotten to negotiate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For especially good at, if my parents were here, this would be different here's my office.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): map to a gun.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And the scribe detector.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In return.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 250 gold pieces, in a letter of introduction to the society of open scroll and charting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that we're able to continue this conversation when we get there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and discuss, in particular the giant eyes, which we're very interested in trading for.
kate: Had separate matters for the dwarves.
Mike Sackton: We don't know where the scroll pandemonium is right.
Timothy Sackton: Now, no.
Timothy Sackton: that'd be a great thing to hand over.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To make another precision.
Timothy Sackton: She says she's kind of.
Timothy Sackton: But the top, I am interested in, although it is really been a trinket I enjoyed trinkets.
Timothy Sackton: you're not know that that will carry much weight with the.
Timothy Sackton: Society.
Timothy Sackton: We are.
Timothy Sackton: We are in danger of returning.
Timothy Sackton: Well, not exactly empty handed.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Eric Rosenbaum: To.
Timothy Sackton: to chart in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who yeah who do you work for.
Timothy Sackton: The society of the open scroll.
Eric Rosenbaum: and its leadership.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who is who is the leader of the society.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: brush.
Timothy Sackton: What do you mean the leader of the there's no leader, we are a scholarly organization of.
Timothy Sackton: Like minded fellows.
Timothy Sackton: That are.
Timothy Sackton: You know well respected members.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I would say.
Timothy Sackton: Christmas is probably the.
Timothy Sackton: Well, he is the one who is the most.
Timothy Sackton: involved in organized with the antiquities department.
Eric Rosenbaum: We heard that name before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh marcella just told us recently.
Timothy Sackton: yeah Christmas ah.
Timothy Sackton: Listen, I don't know how much time you spent in academic circles, but.
Timothy Sackton: You do not want to be the antiquities.
Timothy Sackton: treasure hunters that comes back with the least interesting antiquities.
Timothy Sackton: If it were.
Timothy Sackton: And she again kind of lowers your voice.
Timothy Sackton: I know they like to collect widely and.
Timothy Sackton: There were some trouble with the done Mari.
Timothy Sackton: Claiming we took their stuff if it were up to me, I would only return the drink Korean artifacts to chart in the air to drink or.
Timothy Sackton: I don't even care about this Dunbar a saddle or whatever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Otherwise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we're almost an hour into this whole conversation, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah you're probably getting pretty close to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The charm is gonna work pretty.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our entire party.
Timothy Sackton: mean you've also notice that this point that were sort of a little bit behind or cadmus is standing this like shimmering Dome has sprung up clear or side translucent like opaque you can't see it through it about 10 foot in diameter.
Timothy Sackton: Antonia says.
But.
Timothy Sackton: We cannot go all the way back to a goddess layer, we have a mission to deal with some cobalt raiders on the frontier and then return to charleston.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: I, for one don't want to return empty handed with only a few small tokens not even have drank Korean origin to bring back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would you be interested in buying a river.
Timothy Sackton: She cracks up now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It okay.
Timothy Sackton: Very good toys magical things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look, we understand that you are under some pressure from your employers to deliver but attacking us charming us trying to rob us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that the chart Ionian way.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody tried to rob you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: isn't that what's happening right now why I want you to leave us be.
Timothy Sackton: Have you ever heard of a hard sell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you ever heard of just leaving us alone.
Timothy Sackton: Like I said.
Timothy Sackton: She leans down and whispered skin is not going to leave you.
Timothy Sackton: Something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Religious offered.
Timothy Sackton: know something we can bring back now to chart.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, this is what we call robbery.
Timothy Sackton: Fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What we can offer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): More maps of Eastern.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean maps to the for where what's his name died maps through the maze.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): maps enough for a dozen expeditions.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To the runes Eastern done more than, not even the humans have into situations.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that they will fit your feel free to friend arcas.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, in tuned.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): don't know much about academics.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I know that sometimes the promise of future rewards is worth more.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): than the middle and rewarding present.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are dealt with and the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: reason.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm trying to.
Timothy Sackton: say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's been a solid hour.
Timothy Sackton: Just about now the charm is wearing off.
Timothy Sackton: cadmus motions for everybody to just like leave at him and cassie and not stepped inside this.
Mike Sackton: off if he's going yeah i'm following him to start and then we'll go inside the can you step in and out.
Timothy Sackton: You can't.
Mike Sackton: So he just I mean okay ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I know what this.
Eric Rosenbaum: shimmering Dome is I mean they mentioned that they said.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: No actually I misread at.
Timothy Sackton: All it doesn't include.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't it springs off around.
Timothy Sackton: Around.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody but marcella Antonio and then.
Timothy Sackton: tad most and hector step back out of it.
Timothy Sackton: And caffeine is still with them.
Timothy Sackton: But they're standing right on the edge of that.
Timothy Sackton: And he says, and now this is now, when the.
Timothy Sackton: When the charm wears off and he says.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: and cotton most says.
Timothy Sackton: We will.
Timothy Sackton: Rest here.
Timothy Sackton: You should be on your way.
Mike Sackton: Is the bomb went off.
Mike Sackton: yeah but we never checked.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can tell that the traumas weren't off.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's go here.
Mike Sackton: della just dang it get us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On certain kinds of doesn't I already I already did a deep soul side of catalyst right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess amount of key now.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think you did like like using key to learn more about them so safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do that.
Timothy Sackton: Do you have any key left.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can do a normal side, though right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what's the deal what's this what's this what's the state now.
Timothy Sackton: he's angry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But he knows that the charmer off and now.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that's why presumably they're leaving because you know said there everybody's now longer term.
Mike Sackton: That was was just look at work it in.
Timothy Sackton: And Tony has backed up and gotten back in our horse now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kinds of looks at Antonia and also marcella.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know both of you don't agree with what happens I friends have woken up now comes it looks over at a risk when and dealt with, they know what you did, or they know what your companion did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I hope, when we meet again in the future that you'll choose better companions because I know this isn't something that you approve of.
Timothy Sackton: Ah Antonia just kind of shakes her head and it's like just seems fed up for Salah like stands up in her saddle and looks at you, and says.
Timothy Sackton: You had your chance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're going to come back and tell us now.
Timothy Sackton: Are you really so confident that you could take us in a fight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I think that's what he phrased it.
Timothy Sackton: tried.
Timothy Sackton: quite a bit to give you an hour here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you are going to try to come back and tell us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rob us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The charge on Ian way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We do.
That.
Timothy Sackton: You can antonio's kind of looking at my cell and they're like sort of staring at each other for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: And marisol kind of sits down in her saddle.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not gonna start a fight.
Timothy Sackton: It will certainly finish it if one starts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, if you're not going to start a flight then we'll be on our way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, of course, the finishing of a tetanus started is equivalent to starting a fight.
Timothy Sackton: Tell yourself whenever you want little man.
Mike Sackton: And most.
Mike Sackton: We probably would have talked to you if you haven't tried this.
Mike Sackton: course.
Timothy Sackton: marisol just starts laughing.
Timothy Sackton: Tell yourself, otherwise you want.
Timothy Sackton: We tried to talk to you in your views.
Timothy Sackton: You can twist history or however you'd like to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See.
Timothy Sackton: covered one here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But this has to be cleared you're okay with cadmus trying to manipulate us.
kate: manipulate talk if it doesn't go their way they're going to fight it's not going to go their way right now it's not going to go any way right now, because we're leaving.
kate: let's go.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: marsala kind of is you know rides over.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You here, as she starts to ride over to to you kenzo Antonia just like says no.
Timothy Sackton: Really it's not the time, and she kind of scoffs and turns her horse and just turns her back to you.
Timothy Sackton: And begins to ride off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So marsala was trying to come over to talk to us and then Antonio is like let's get out here.
Timothy Sackton: No, she was trying to come over to like.
Timothy Sackton: 30 yeah.
Like.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: It was very antagonistic approach.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also, Antonio was the one calming her down.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah they're just deciding whether to kill us on the spot or not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The turbo onion way.
kate: vs bandits leaving.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's go.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are the band it's doing.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, there are just kind of.
Timothy Sackton: watching from a great distance.
Timothy Sackton: I mean wait wait a flat except you owe them 75 gold or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: I deal with them was over, when they killed the women's right.
Timothy Sackton: It will your deal was 10 gold each for the women battle plus.
Timothy Sackton: One goal, the day, so you all spend a couple days the owe them something like 84 gold plus they get half of the treasure.
Mike Sackton: We haven't found a treasure.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so they aren't they aren't quite ready to turn.
Timothy Sackton: Around.
Timothy Sackton: yeah we should.
Mike Sackton: try and find the treasure right like that's The next thing to do.
kate: me with their Internet treasure.
Mike Sackton: We don't know if I will keep in mind, by the way, everybody remember, we have a pet river in the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We do.
kate: We get yeah we haven't.
Timothy Sackton: heard about turn okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But that logic.
Mike Sackton: Without it's not a turtle anymore it's a river.
yeah I know.
Mike Sackton: be released the wizard of these chapters.
kate: On all of us it wouldn't.
kate: Really discriminate or not.
Mike Sackton: We go way.
Mike Sackton: Back way, we have to.
kate: have to have a plane.
Mike Sackton: I think we should go find the treasure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like that.
kate: And set guards and sleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: We we may need to watch our backs.
As we go.
kate: Early.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can we really like now away from them.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: You should we should probably take a short rest.
Mike Sackton: they're resting right over there, the damn hot, we can rest right here, right.
kate: let's best, on the other side of the little bird thing yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's get.
Eric Rosenbaum: This.
Mike Sackton: Out of sources yeah.
Mike Sackton: couple hundred feet.
Mike Sackton: But it's not it's like the middle of the day, yep.
Timothy Sackton: Just like late afternoon.
Definitely.
Timothy Sackton: stopped.
Timothy Sackton: Probably 430 or something like that.
Mike Sackton: Do we have any idea where the women's came from.
Timothy Sackton: They came from the road ahead.
Timothy Sackton: At least that's how they seem to be flying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Through like missing.
Timothy Sackton: The rumor you heard what they were nesting in one of the abandoned binding diligence, to start with the road.
Mike Sackton: So that would be where the tension.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: So we should just let's take a short rest and then head for the treasure.
Mike Sackton: The door the chariots let them follow or not fall if they're gonna do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we should rest in mind.
Mike Sackton: All right, head for the treasure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): versus in a more defensible position.
Mike Sackton: yeah that might be a wise.
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel comfortable with some stone over my head.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: let's do that, so all let's rally the bed it's tell them our disagreement with these folks are trying to be i'm going to tell them these guys are trying to steal the treasure good yeah.
Good come.
Mike Sackton: But that we've convinced them that because we killed the weapons.
Mike Sackton: they're they're letting us, you know basically they're not gonna we're hoping they're not going to follow us, since you know, we should get all the reward because we were the ones, he took the.
kate: Risk we just had a lengthy face up a bad term.
Mike Sackton: Yes, no, no that's we had a face off with them basically because we didn't want them to steal the tragedy because we know you guys.
Mike Sackton: Is our parents treasure right.
Mike Sackton: And not actually alive, by the way they are trying to steal the Church.
Mike Sackton: And these can do deserve part of the treasure.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we're confident that we killed all the women's Hall, two of them.
Mike Sackton: We are confident we killed one bluebird and traps one wavered in the middle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right right right that there are no additional liver and.
Mike Sackton: If, as long as the number of women's is two and three, we are confident but.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's our plan.
Mike Sackton: But yes now so i'll i'll basically explain what my explanation of what happened we'll be.
Mike Sackton: Right and then i'll tell them, we should probably make haste.
Mike Sackton: Know they're gonna they're grasping here, basically, what they agreed to take a raster they said they would let us they leave us, let us leave and leave us alone, but we should probably make haste towards these creatures layer to see what's there before they change their mind.
and keep an eye on for them.
kate: how long it triggers it with a large number of our number on foot.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you don't know exactly where the larynx ah, you can see, to the south there's like the line of.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see your it's probably at least 10 or 15 miles to like the.
Timothy Sackton: So you know there's.
Timothy Sackton: You can see maybe a.
Timothy Sackton: Like 10 or 15 miles to the south, you can see the the rise of the hills above the horizon.
Timothy Sackton: But you don't know exactly where the.
Timothy Sackton: The lair might be within that.
Timothy Sackton: terrain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We head in that direction, can we like db for a little bit about what the.
Mike Sackton: Sabbath yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you probably you could get you could get to like the edge of the mountains before nightfall.
Timothy Sackton: it's about the six maybe 10 miles.
Timothy Sackton: we've got probably two and a half, three hours till darkness.
Timothy Sackton: So that's doable I don't advocate as long as you go at a pretty good pace.
Mike Sackton: Right yes.
kate: The benefits will be motivated by seeking safety and.
kate: Even they've been part of a battle and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As we go, can we just talk up a little yeah yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: What just happened kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: word.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Every everything that I believed to be prejudiced and true about chardon ian's has been revealed, did you all fucking see that what the Fuck.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was worried briefly that that we were all going to die so yeah that was that was a very dangerous situation.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well they're going to come back and kill us try to kill us again so let's just be 100% ready for that, because that's going to happen soon.
Eric Rosenbaum: My sense is that they would like what we have.
Eric Rosenbaum: And they, for some reason have the type of scruples that don't allow them to simply slaughter us on our sleep, which they could easily have done at some other point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no, no, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: They don't they prefer to talk to us, obviously, so I think they are going to try to come and take what they want from us that we should we should be wary of that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cedar they're resting to come back and tell us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I think they could have killed us with interest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah Oh, but they're going to come back and try to kill, I was staring into their fucking souls, they are definitely going to come back to kill us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is not a question of whether way they they will.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just listen.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah What were they trying to negotiate about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That totally sure whether, let us go but they're coming back they're definitely coming back, and they are going to try to kill us.
Eric Rosenbaum: What should we do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): have an idea, something we could do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need to prepare a trap.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we need to trap them in our fucking mirrors what I think we should do.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not foolproof, unfortunately.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean we.
Eric Rosenbaum: are very powerful.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): tool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That allows us to control the wheels of others, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: And this is where it all turns.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Another.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Another fun one another fun fact little little insight to share with you all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Obviously cadmus he charms you know, three of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah well be when I used.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: part of my my key and my energy to break your charm yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It felt almost as though a dark skeletal hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or gripping your soul that was released whenever i'm that charm.
Eric Rosenbaum: What does that mean oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That means.
kate: backups go ahead finish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It means whoever the Fuck cadmus is and whatever influence he's under.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of the more sinister nature, then we may not we may totally be able to perceive at this moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is much worse than we realize isn't it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's pretty fucking bad.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We will be encountered one dark skeletal hand so far and it's a hand that's also looking for the Center.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed.
kate: That.
Mike Sackton: wrestling doesn't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We.
Mike Sackton: just mentioned anything.
Mike Sackton: There is no separate.
kate: price.
Mike Sackton: they're they're just they're just chasing us for not do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: We didn't give away the top did we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You got all.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is it possible for us to detect that school is using.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh it's on us, or what How would it work.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: Because if you stop.
Mike Sackton: But they'll expand if anybody's looking right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We oh that's how it works it's an.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anthem let's fucking spin that shit is it is it what is it.
Mike Sackton: Fine, if you're looking at it it's gonna spin.
Mike Sackton: So how do you use it to.
Eric Rosenbaum: You listen for it to follow her.
Mike Sackton: I guess he listened, for it to follow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You put a box.
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers kind of like looking over your shoulder like are we being called right now, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, we're definitely being followed, we should assume or do.
Eric Rosenbaum: We shouldn't we may have to assume that anything we say out loud also can be perceived by them at any time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): he's gonna hold the top in my hand is her writing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Without looking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because you can tell the false.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In your hand, I can tell if it stands up and starts spinning.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah it's not like you're holding it out like this, like behind you, so you can't see but right it's not spinning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, so we are being watched.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: You know not spinning.
Mike Sackton: Which.
Timothy Sackton: Does not squash.
Timothy Sackton: It spins if it's being watched.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah ah got it okay good.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we should assume that they can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But they're definitely tracking us.
We.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there some way that we could get help.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Far from friends here we.
kate: are basically also speaking of things that you're speaking about it out loud there's messenger boy.
Timothy Sackton: it's writing with you.
Mike Sackton: Have Joe hey.
Mike Sackton: Joe Hart do with all that.
Timothy Sackton: So she is about speak as soon as he can get a word in edgewise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We went and talked about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: talked about the sector.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With jar.
Mike Sackton: yeah we're probably away from jail.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you're awake.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and any magic item talk, we are not talking.
kate: He happened to be talking to the band is for a moment.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I have to admit, something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Little hard to say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's that I did.
Eric Rosenbaum: I tried to turn you into rabbit.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: db what's that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wanted to you me, are you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you trying to say you don't think i'm cute and you wanted me to be cute and fuzzy or what's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your he almost died back there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know.
Eric Rosenbaum: And, and I was, I was trying to keep you out of the fight, I saw that guy with the the halbert and thought.
Eric Rosenbaum: This could go very poorly so I was just trying to prevent that situation and in retrospect, I.
Eric Rosenbaum: There are a lot of ways that whole situation could have gone.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I tried to intervene.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You tried to turn me into a rabbit.
I did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, it was funny because when I was flying through the air to try to kill CAD most I felt something strange I didn't know what it was I assumed that it was one of the you know the tree Tony and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: usurpers trying to do something, but it was you trying to turn me into a rabbit I don't know how I feel about all this now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Honestly, I was just trying to save your life and really all of our lives because that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is a nobleman could have turned into a slaughter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cinema it all worked out well I don't hold any grudges.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know you bet well.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did and i'll just say also that, if we are going to enter into a battle, where it seems likely we could all be killed, that we should probably agree on it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sooner.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But.
Mike Sackton: I appreciate kenzo coming to our Defense.
Mike Sackton: magic coercion is not to be messed around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will admit I was in a bit of a jerk or rage that I don't think i've ever felt before in my entire life.
Mike Sackton: Either overreaction.
Mike Sackton: on my part, I major on your part.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: might actually don't think so because you all didn't know what the Fuck was happening.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I don't know all the details about these terms spells but, in my mind if I bash the majors hits Colin that might help make you all return to your senses so that's kind of what.
Eric Rosenbaum: It in my professional opinion that seems like the retreat yes.
Mike Sackton: It is too bad.
Mike Sackton: You did it.
Mike Sackton: I will say.
Mike Sackton: He was pretty badly hurt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, dealt with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, was that you were what's the word cavorting with the enemy, you were a rather plus and guide while you were charms, I must say your your overall personality and you know you're very agreeable.
Mike Sackton: might not always agree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I mean just in the context of negotiating with our Armor now mortal enemies.
Mike Sackton: more pleasant that he would have liked.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That you are fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let's put in for a service and see we're seeing that skeletal hand it wasn't like wearing chain mail or like had a glimpse that down next to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was pretty dark honestly and it was just sort of a sensation of a dark wizard skeletal him ripping your soul um but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think, whatever the hell is going on over there with the char donations and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some are fools.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some are deeply manipulated by evil, some may just be inherently evil.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't say this whole encounter is improved my opinion it's pretty intuitive very much.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and hate to say it, but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know how to reconcile this with the promise that we had a giant.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think we should go to chart and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know it's funny.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was thinking about going to chart in but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, with an army of 100,000 200,000 at our backs something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: There talk some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of more what I had in mind, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we have these 14 minutes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Every great army has to start somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's what i'm talking about.
kate: Now, workers are expecting me to go shooting charting are you feeling, can I have some background on how I could convince my people, this is, these are not good faith actors, with whom I can trade for Durban goods.
Eric Rosenbaum: quick, I mean.
kate: chicken little actors anyway, because they still goods but.
kate: No one who treats back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That are you treating with the society to school with us.
kate: I mean.
kate: Who.
Mike Sackton: you're buying back your stolen goods.
kate: it's been discussed, you know if we know who took.
kate: Our our dorgan heritage and if there's just a price.
kate: To recap recapture it.
kate: it's under negotiate it's you know under discussion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: amazing amazing, so the dwarves as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are subject to coercion and are now being manipulated in a similar way, this is the way.
kate: we've known that people were stealing item to Durban heritage and.
kate: You know doesn't seem better to just reclaim them with our resources or of material things or reclaim them with the resources of our people's blood.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow now one question we've never quite answered is who it was that garage was reporting to.
Mike Sackton: You not now.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it seems likely now.
Eric Rosenbaum: that these things are all connected doesn't it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah maybe making too much skeletal hands.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But that group was in the garden Java desert.
Mike Sackton: You saw say cadmus.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: He seen.
Mike Sackton: Often anyway.
Timothy Sackton: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh actually TIM, you know what i'm remembering now I did soul side him extra smart at the very beginning of the last session.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because I knew that he was remember that's how I know that they're all about the same level as us.
Timothy Sackton: Oh that's right.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean.
Timothy Sackton: didn't seem possessed or anything.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's definitely a sort of.
Timothy Sackton: shadow.
Eric Rosenbaum: shadow.
Timothy Sackton: It is clearly a magic user.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: skeletal shadow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some of our best friends of shadows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's true i've learned, not to discriminate against shadows.
Mike Sackton: I don't feel that you have in my.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sore spot and party, you know what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've realized, there are levels to shadows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your shadow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is like a warm hearth now to me.
kate: You saw there's been shattered.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It literally has literally has.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um anyways so as we had our tour of this dusted our destination, are we going to lay a trap feels like we probably should because I don't know how when they're going to attack us but they're gonna find us and try to kill us.
Eric Rosenbaum: going to attack us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You see, like a mine influence.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah it's getting dark at this sort of approach.
Timothy Sackton: The hills after about.
Timothy Sackton: Three maybe four or five miles of traveling you come to the sort of broken edge of the road, like this is not a nice, this is not a existing road that people travel on it's like the ruins of an old road and you see actually.
Timothy Sackton: From here as we begin to send the height of land.
Timothy Sackton: You can see like down slope a little bit like maybe a half a quarter mile into the valley there's like the string remains of broken caravan and then, as you as you head up this road, maybe another.
Timothy Sackton: five miles, you can see the the.
Timothy Sackton: ruins of the village sort of perched up on a on a hill whether it's the minds presumably you can't see mines from here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was on a hill.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sounds nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: We swap clothing, with the bandits.
kate: harsh.
Mike Sackton: yeah that human sacrifice you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Know it's just to confuse and slow down or attackers.
Timothy Sackton: do so, several of the bandits now are sort of curious about gone investigating scattered.
Timothy Sackton: ruins of a caravan.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just amongst the party again look the way I see it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's a couple of ways that this going to involve.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The chart own ian's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As you all heard they're tired, they need to get back to chart in they've got a mandate to like have some items or whatever they're bought their their thing is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We shockingly have time on our side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We could one approach would be wait it out.
Eric Rosenbaum: we've got to get your heart.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Its destination.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah let's you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Time is on our side is what i'm trying to say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You actually do we have a time constraint on dharma like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like risking their students boss I.
mean.
Timothy Sackton: there's no explicit time constraint, but jars anxious to get there because, like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah Denmark could.
Timothy Sackton: Things could go bad any men.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but my point is just the longer that this takes the more that they will at some point, they have to go back you know they're not gonna.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they're not going to take us forever.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, if if I were them.
Eric Rosenbaum: They know that we're depleted right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm honestly a little unsure why they didn't just kill us right there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah um but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): they're not going to come out right kill us.
kate: I think it's suggest that they weren't going to come out right.
kate: yeah if they were looking to try to just come attack us that perfect thing to do would be lurking so we bought some sort of natural medicine, then payment, while we were.
kate: spent and finish us off.
kate: it's an interesting that you said.
kate: But, as you said, they chose talk to us.
kate: Because of some qualms, the speaker was speculating about, but I don't think that's going to keep them.
kate: I paid now they've done that now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nations is worth in a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look there's three options you face them in combat ideally on our terms see what happens, we hide and wait it out, or just somehow get them to lose our trail just create as much distance somehow diversion let them to think we're going someplace when we're not etc.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And just outlast them at some point, they have to get out of charting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh no it feels like those are kind of our two options right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the second option there's two versions of that one which is hide and we do have a place we actually could go and hide and stay and the unbound for very long time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's a hole that we have.
Mike Sackton: Well, we can work.
Mike Sackton: This day when you ever now the portable whole.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the whole whole.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can't stay there forever, but you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not a bad place to hide for a little while and move it around and hide and be we can be strategic about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or we figure out how to lose them somehow we hide our tracks I don't know how the Fuck we're going to do that, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We figure out how to throw throw them off our chat our tail.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's a possibility and I may be naive suggested.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That cadmus doesn't represent the society of the open scroll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): know that that he's under some other influences, but they.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): were talking about was being worried about coming home empty handed them, perhaps the director of antiquities.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): would find their business behavior important I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there value in trend to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The chart in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While you're thinking outside the box now well.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a very interesting hypothesis, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think, having seen evidence of some corruption, we have to assume there's more.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Another option.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is we find a way to destroy the sector.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's what's put the market.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's what we should do I can't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that a thing.
Timothy Sackton: For sure, there must be a way to destroy it.
Timothy Sackton: unlikely to be simple.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like it would take a huge amount of energy or some very special circumstance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We just have to travel to the northern part of Pandora and find a giant volcano and.
Timothy Sackton: Right I just got to go to mount doom and cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: into the fire yeah yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's just.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean there's an ocean, we could.
Timothy Sackton: suggest that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's a fucking 70 and ocean that oh my God Could you imagine what happened at the Center you know she had the preceptor power oh that do.
wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: How how many bandits are in the band at group.
kate: done.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The other the other option, the other option.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is we actually go and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: raise an army.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Such that a bunch of five chardon ian's would not even be able to defeat us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think that's why you haven't been the one carrying the.
sector.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm being i'm not i'm just exploring ideas here but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have residence, we have friends amongst the stone stone stone born.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've got friends amongst the doors.
Eric Rosenbaum: It may come to that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who would know how to destroy it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Presumably the antiquities guy in.
Timothy Sackton: charge but we're not going somebody in charge and word for shirt now.
kate: know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know who would know right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: What I would know.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah it's it is metal it's silver and platinum and iron and jams.
kate: Now working out there's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What is the creature in your ring it's similar in the field, with no.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sickness would be a good place to hang out for.
Eric Rosenbaum: The danger there you see well be is that the the wily creatures of the farewell, but also perhaps try to manipulate the situation to their own ends.
Eric Rosenbaum: and might even promise to destroy it for us and do something entirely different from that's my best guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Eric Rosenbaum: It couldn't hurt to ask I think she gets bored in there.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You need to find some sources or kindle or like right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually.
kate: Our lead on right.
Mike Sackton: We have a lead on right not really ready.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We didn't reply, yes.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: Definitely.
Timothy Sackton: For us, people who worship.
debbie guy yeah.
Mike Sackton: it's that so yeah it's it's normally a chartered.
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally on the way to another much read thousands of miles away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To the world map becca.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
Mike Sackton: Go to the forest to worship right, then we got it magic upper chairman.
Mike Sackton: Oh, but remember why we're going to DARPA, by the way, it's actually define the cloak.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that we can.
Mike Sackton: we're trying to assemble a group of artifacts that we don't want to use that we could just be hunted by literally everybody.
kate: Why not create an Anti army and people who don't want to fight so that we can have a magical objects, we don't want to use.
Mike Sackton: We want the most powerful artifacts in the world to be in our possession, then we're going to run around and hide from all the people who want to come and steal them from us.
Mike Sackton: i'm not sure I gave totally well thought out, to be perfectly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Lies guys, you know that we're going to raise an army right, you know that this is we start with.
Mike Sackton: Men it's literally amazing art.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We literally have seven bandits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is the start of our journey together the dwarves the stone born.
Timothy Sackton: We know how much golf do you have because the band it's not cheap seven gold, the day for a tiny army.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): influence and not really an ernie kind of.
Mike Sackton: I I feel like this talk of raising armies is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kinds kinds of wasn't saying that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was worried by the notion that that sector could be exerting it's invalid influence in a.
Eric Rosenbaum: way yes wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Obviously the part about it, casting terms bills on us with a lie, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well okay here is one possibility and at this point we're just telling roseman about this after this just like.
Timothy Sackton: me, you have you.
Eric Rosenbaum: mentioned it several times whoops.
Mike Sackton: What am I what am I met again telling resident because we don't want to kick Kate out of the conversation because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's two possibilities with the skeletal hand honestly one is that it was garage or garages boss, who is somehow manipulating cadmus.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The other is it actually was the sceptre manipulating had most to charmless.
Mike Sackton: The other is it could just be his source of magic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Interesting or it could just be a visual metaphor.
Mike Sackton: Right, I mean what.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that's.
Mike Sackton: um but I thought.
Mike Sackton: What, what can you dispel with your.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Among powers.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: charmed blind and deaf and paralyzed or stunned.
Mike Sackton: Nobody sells that would that would.
Mike Sackton: Do any of those things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you saying that if cadmus is under some influence we might remove it.
Mike Sackton: Now I was thinking.
Mike Sackton: Interesting Can you see, I would be curious to know if kenzo would see some manifestation of the source of my magic when.
Mike Sackton: Your magic spells my own spell I just can't frightened charm I can't do any of those things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh you're trying to understand the analogy, using the pyramid.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: But maybe secret good.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can, I can dispel magical effects.
Mike Sackton: now know if you.
Mike Sackton: Can you.
Mike Sackton: Can you frightened their charm somebody.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think so.
Mike Sackton: or devin or blind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Quick sorry what Why would you want to do this.
Mike Sackton: The theory would be.
Mike Sackton: What does it mean that you saw a hand.
Mike Sackton: Right does it mean.
Mike Sackton: What would you see if you dispelled della myself.
Mike Sackton: Ah right would you see a shadow a tendril coming from a scar would you see nothing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess it's probably nothing i've done this before oh actually I don't know if i've done this before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've never done it doesn't touch before, this is the first time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Interesting theory.
Mike Sackton: If you dispel the with a seeker smells What would you see a mode of stone carve or would you see nothing right, what does it.
Mike Sackton: What does it mean that you saw something was it unusual was it something beyond the normal or was it just the source of His style is a.
Mike Sackton: Something that manifests as.
Mike Sackton: You could be a secret necromancer.
Mike Sackton: doesn't have to be gratia possession right.
Eric Rosenbaum: tim's introduction mentioned something about a pool of magical energy that's always with him or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you say that TIM.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I did.
Eric Rosenbaum: What did that mean.
kate: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Why explain what that meant.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because it seems critically important right now actually.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Previous.
Timothy Sackton: One suppose loud thing about it is getting towards dark fat the bandwidth now there's a bit of a commotion as the band it's about returned from checking out this caravan which.
Timothy Sackton: There was actually quite a decent amount of treasure scattered across.
Timothy Sackton: like this broken, it was like pieces of wagons and stuff that had been like lifted off and.
Timothy Sackton: kind of scattered by the a few dead bodies.
Timothy Sackton: But also um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: fair bit of.
Timothy Sackton: silk largely and poor shape been damaged by the it's just been like strewn across the plains, for a few days and it's rained every day so nothing's in great shape.
Timothy Sackton: i'm a few chats with high quality parchment, some of which has been completely destroyed by the rain, but some of which is salvageable um.
Timothy Sackton: And then you know you know a few other scattered coins and things like that.
Timothy Sackton: So they're pretty excited I mean the the parchment might be difficult to recover, but the silken certainly still salvageable for non trivial chunk of money.
Timothy Sackton: And I think that deal was they get all of the trade goods.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But only a portion of any coin or other treacherous.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: None of the matter.
Timothy Sackton: None of the magic.
Timothy Sackton: None of this well, you have no idea if any of this is magic it could be magic silk.
Timothy Sackton: So the bandits are like keen to make camp now they're you know they are.
Mike Sackton: Not here.
Timothy Sackton: 433 copper pieces and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: 122 silver pieces and.
Timothy Sackton: 24 gold pieces.
Mike Sackton: What was our deal they get like I forget what our deal was.
Timothy Sackton: They get all the trade goods.
Timothy Sackton: Half half the coin, and none of the magic, but he sort of reserve the right to renegotiate if there was like a horde with 10,000 gold or some great.
Mike Sackton: Thank you, they have this coin will take.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
kate: We still have to pay them.
Timothy Sackton: You still owe them at for.
gold.
Timothy Sackton: classes there'll be another seven for the next end of the day, right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bruce when do you think there are masters in Twitter, who would know how to destroy an artifact like that.
kate: I revere the metalworking masters of my people when I.
kate: think that they.
kate: Would.
kate: be able to know if they could destroy that object like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I wonder if the price of our journey to charging is destruction of the sector.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have to get to DARPA something we do have to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Unfortunately for us DARPA is also the one on the way back to chart in for the fockers behind us.
Mike Sackton: Well, it depends on if they're actually heading to the cobalt or not.
Eric Rosenbaum: It could have been a cover story.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's that again where they're trying to go.
Timothy Sackton: North so that story that both Antonio and marsala told you, was that they were.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where they.
Timothy Sackton: had been asked to deal with cobalt raiders in this area, the my rainy gap that's.
Timothy Sackton: sort of borderlands between Charter and and Denmark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are they telling the truth them.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No citing them.
Timothy Sackton: Not at the moment of it's not a full site isn't it the tax wise.
Timothy Sackton: Right, I mean it didn't seem like it was alive, but it's hard to say right your detect liability is if somebody tells the story about their path you can spend key to determine if.
Timothy Sackton: There are facts about their past that they are embellishing or make not.
Timothy Sackton: There, in a way.
Timothy Sackton: it's about seem super suspicious to do like it wasn't they weren't obvious.
Timothy Sackton: They may have been cleverly why.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are there any facts about like there were about that make it seem strange like were they on their way there are like we were a little surprised that they showed up.
Eric Rosenbaum: When they did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tim's narration was actually revealing for us in a Meta game way because they did kind of stumble upon us, according to the narration.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They were headed for us, and then it was only that last little bit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They stumbled on.
Timothy Sackton: True wow you don't really know that you haven't actually sat down and worked out the timeline where what you know about where they were bad.
Timothy Sackton: You know, you know you met them you met Marcel at the end, she must have obviously gone said hey there here.
Timothy Sackton: She claimed she was paying around the end because she was like waiting for news from from Tokyo from the charge on Ian but detachment there.
Timothy Sackton: They obviously had been in Tokyo for quite some time because they weren't around toker but you were there.
Timothy Sackton: And it wasn't like she was spending.
Timothy Sackton: She she hadn't spent three weeks in the end, so they were obviously somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: Some on accounted for time here.
Eric Rosenbaum: What were they doing.
Timothy Sackton: So it is starting to get towards dark.
Timothy Sackton: As you've continued up the hell after recovering what could be salvaged from the.
Timothy Sackton: From the ruins of this caravan.
Timothy Sackton: That town, as you begin to approach this ruined town as the sunsets.
Timothy Sackton: And sort of slightly nestled in.
Timothy Sackton: shadow of like steeper rock cliffs on a slight on a slight rise so it's sort of rough terrain all around this.
Timothy Sackton: Broken piece of road that you've been following approaches.
Timothy Sackton: Most of the town is pretty much in ruins, the only thing that still the only building that is still.
Timothy Sackton: intact in any way is the temple which is sort of sat a little bit watching over the rest of the town.
Timothy Sackton: Like village Center village Green is had clearly been destroyed and turned into a river and layer which you can see, like just buildings knock down like clear area where the weapons had.
Timothy Sackton: dwelt there is a.
Timothy Sackton: foul kind of.
Timothy Sackton: Almost accurate stench.
Timothy Sackton: Coming from the town.
Timothy Sackton: As you begin to approach like it, you know the.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: Water of the rains a sort of collecting into this swampy area at the bottom of the ruined wall and it's almost like that water that's been the runoff from the town itself has this almost almost burning odor to at.
Timothy Sackton: And then further back so like the town itself is not very big and it goes back into the hills, the road continues to the mountains abandoned lines.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe a quarter mile or something from the town itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is that smell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does it smell like deliverance.
Timothy Sackton: seems related.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Words around.
Timothy Sackton: The movement.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me also just continue this conversation again about what the hell our strategy is here, and what we're gonna do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: about these five cardone and routers that are going to try to kill us and our sleep.
Mike Sackton: Keep watching kill them back if they try.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we can fortify yourself somewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We want to set a trap for them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We want to just move on to darby and then let them ambitious.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does this temple look defensible.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's.
Timothy Sackton: At least has partially standing walls there's no door, I mean there there's no plausible door.
Timothy Sackton: To like front entryway is just open and there's a crack in the roof, like the roof is not, but it does have standing walls.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's an it's a stone structure.
Timothy Sackton: stone yeah.
Mike Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: For up to the cliff top and attack them from above.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're under some clips right how tall, are they.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean it's like.
Timothy Sackton: it's not like a big steep cliff.
Timothy Sackton: That goes way up it's like little clip it's like.
Timothy Sackton: sort of the edge of a relatively steep hill where there's like a little cliffy ledge and then i'll go up a bit.
Timothy Sackton: More sort of.
Timothy Sackton: A bit you know grass covered scree rocky slope, and then it sends more and there's like a little bit more cliffs i'm a lot of sort of screen slopes and kind of grassy areas, and then the occasional like.
Timothy Sackton: You know sort of.
Timothy Sackton: cliff is limestone cliffs picking out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps so should I stay at the nearest cliffs to the town or you know go out maybe.
Timothy Sackton: For 40 ish feet.
Timothy Sackton: But it's not obvious like it would be easy to Camp on the top it's not like there's no it's not like a cliff that goes up and then there's a big flat expanse on the top it's like the cliff is like the beginning of a sent up to the.
Timothy Sackton: 2000 foot summit, some of these hills.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lot.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I kind of feel like we should.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: trap them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're gonna have to face them at some point, we might as well do it on our terms.
Mike Sackton: What sort of trap, we set up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like the fact that we've got two dwarves I like the fact that we've got a dwarf that can also move stuff with stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: huh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What if we bring them into the minds we've met them they're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: buried a lot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps there's a way we can create an illusion that bates them in.
Eric Rosenbaum: These are.
Eric Rosenbaum: Clever individuals, though, it will be easy to completely trick them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh man, how many of them are there.
But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's a barbarian a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or two warriors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Taylor and you to spell casters.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, what does certain in all of this, what does our friend the most thing about all this everything.
Timothy Sackton: You keep like you keep riding away from him to have a private conversation he's he's gotten a little, but as you're making camp.
Timothy Sackton: You know, he he rides over.
Timothy Sackton: kind of approaching approaching kenzo as the year well I don't know, are you making camp, what do you do in town.
Mike Sackton: This.
Mike Sackton: I mean we haven't actually fat like there is a liver layer of sorts here and a horse yes bench but we don't really know what's causing the wearable stench.
Mike Sackton: there's an abandoned the mind the town is all in ruins, I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can we track the stench to find the source.
Mike Sackton: It seems to me like finding the source of the stench will be good.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: Like I would I would get I think I I.
Get the bandits organized.
Mike Sackton: A staff have have three of them establish a camp right it's getting dark we don't want to we don't want to explore the minds of the darkness, we think there's probably more treasure around write.
Timothy Sackton: it down.
Mike Sackton: they'll probably stick with us every it's probably easy so get get half of them to make a camp right and half of them to scout the town right and just make sure there's nothing like basically what for anything and don't go into the minds yet right.
Mike Sackton: But go walk around and.
Right.
Mike Sackton: We probably want to set up camp, I mean there's a couple ways we can set up camp right, we could either just camp out here figure there's seven of them and five boss, we can easily keep watch.
Mike Sackton: And if the target audience column.
Mike Sackton: it'll just be a bit face to face right I don't know if that's the best plan.
Mike Sackton: We can also.
Mike Sackton: I mean how narrower than mine insurances.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you haven't gotten to the mind yet.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean can't be too far, because you get to the.
Timothy Sackton: The health soon, but you haven't it's dark now you haven't.
Mike Sackton: it's dark well it's dark.
Mike Sackton: I think we're better off setting I mean I actually think it's unlikely the charities charities what.
tonight.
Mike Sackton: Right like they're spell caster Burt spells they're gonna want to rest.
kate: We are particularly vulnerable so.
kate: We.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): seems like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The best that at this point.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where if I the temple.
Mike Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: I mean, maybe yeah we could get some of the bandits and I mean.
Mike Sackton: We could split up a bit right, some of us could go look for the stench some we get some of the band is through a brief scout of town with torches right.
Mike Sackton: And then, most of them could just work, unfortunately, we can fortify the template setup a camp there to be a day tomorrow well scout the minds and finish exploring with town and then part ways unless there's more that we find problems with the bandits east.
Timothy Sackton: sounds good oh so who's looking for the stench.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Will track the stitch.
Timothy Sackton: That was okay.
Timothy Sackton: and
Well sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure up the temple walls, with some extra.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would be good for Canada to do.
Mike Sackton: The final stage.
Timothy Sackton: And resin.
kate: Oh stay working in the temple, even though I don't actually have like filmmaking skills.
Timothy Sackton: um OK, so the the stench is actually not that hard to track.
Timothy Sackton: It seems to be coming clearly from this like swampy marshy area at the base of the walls, with a rain water runs off from that pause on the hills.
Timothy Sackton: And as you approach, you can see that there's like a greenish vapor that's like hanging over the water.
Timothy Sackton: You can see it, even in the is almost faintly glowing.
Timothy Sackton: almost like a.
Timothy Sackton: Like a faint iridescence bioluminescence or something with the screen scraper So you can see it for maybe 15 feet away and There does seem to be a.
Timothy Sackton: pool.
Timothy Sackton: Like a.
Timothy Sackton: Not like not like a clear pool of like a nice water that you would.
Timothy Sackton: swim in or anything but, like a money pit where water has collected and formed like a bit of a swamp that's maybe 40 feet across at the at the sort of base of this ruined wall is only like maybe four feet high right but.
Timothy Sackton: But it's sort of at the you've got the town and then the way the land slopes obviously has collapsed somewhat since the town was here, and the wall has like fallen down.
Timothy Sackton: Down slope and then there's this like marshy probably area where there's a greenish vapor, and this is clearly where the smell is coming from.
Timothy Sackton: moment there doesn't seem to be anything moving.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We may be losing our party.
Mike Sackton: I will cast may shed and were derived in the water and see if there's anything in there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is this where with rooms lay their eggs.
Timothy Sackton: are gay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because if so i'm raising it as my own.
Timothy Sackton: So you start poking around in the water.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Already, an action to shoot whatever comes.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: check one thing here.
kate: Have you summon the rest of us, or is it just the two of them still there.
Mike Sackton: It says with us.
Mike Sackton: We don't think anything bad's gonna happen yeah even though, like mikey Grad with all see and what's going to happen.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to.
Mike Sackton: Leave it'll be fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know you did.
Timothy Sackton: Worse hoax something like as you're rooting around there seems to be some large ish.
Timothy Sackton: create some form like it's almost like you poke.
Timothy Sackton: up some sort of flashy thing and the water stirs slightly.
Mike Sackton: Oh good.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's normal.
Mike Sackton: not really.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, do you keep poking.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, no, no, no i'll just tell them a chance.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Girls calm again.
Mike Sackton: here's a question.
Mike Sackton: ghostly gaze says he can see through solid objects, I see through the with dark vision.
Mike Sackton: I see through the murky water.
Timothy Sackton: what's the how long what's the.
Timothy Sackton: For one minute range like.
Mike Sackton: 30 feet for one minute.
Timothy Sackton: But you can use, could you see through 30 feet of solids down.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Mike Sackton: I mean they're atheists I was going to be bit useless because he couldn't see anything on the other side.
Timothy Sackton: writer right.
Mike Sackton: 20 feet of solace though yes.
Timothy Sackton: that's an interesting question.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, does it feature is.
Mike Sackton: Yes, why not right yeah seems.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I would say.
Mike Sackton: I can see through all the little teeny mud particles that make the.
Timothy Sackton: way, I think we can see right.
um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I would say, you could see three things.
Timothy Sackton: Not only.
Timothy Sackton: What makes it complicated is so what don't you like.
Timothy Sackton: So what would you actually perceive what don't use them through.
Mike Sackton: The these the the things that you.
Mike Sackton: I mean it's actually a pretty under specified ability.
Mike Sackton: Right in the sense that.
Mike Sackton: yeah why don't you just see through everything and also presumably you can't use it to see through.
Mike Sackton: Like I don't think The intention is that you can use it to see through like.
Timothy Sackton: Like if there were a chest, in case to the stone wall, would you be able to see the contents of the chest.
Timothy Sackton: i'm happy to let you.
Timothy Sackton: i'm happy to let it work but it's just a.
Eric Rosenbaum: magical tomography.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah it's.
Still, like.
Timothy Sackton: Right so like okay if there's a if there's a 30 feet of solid or if there's some number of feet of solid object that you're seeing.
Timothy Sackton: And then there's something inside the salt there's another solid object that you want to see.
Timothy Sackton: Right, how do you decide which solid objects, you see through and which solid objects you perceive as real.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's my suggestion.
Eric Rosenbaum: tomography so choose choose a distance, at which you're going to see a cross sectional slice.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: The the spell said it does a during that time you perceive objects as ghostly transparent images the theory could be that you that you can 10 of.
Mike Sackton: You start to see the object, but you can see through it right.
Mike Sackton: Any object.
Mike Sackton: Within 30 feet, you can so and that would let you use it like X Ray vision, but you would still be able to see the outline.
Mike Sackton: You just see the next layer right.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I will let it work this way, but I reserve the right to.
Timothy Sackton: yeah change our minds later i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, you see through the mock.
Timothy Sackton: You can see the sort of ghostly outline of some large.
Timothy Sackton: sleeping maybe ogre shaped creature something big bigger than humanoid.
Timothy Sackton: And it seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: Like it how sort of gaping like sores on its arms and legs and it seems to be kind of losing.
Timothy Sackton: Something.
Mike Sackton: it's underwater.
Timothy Sackton: it's it seems to be asleep underwater.
Mike Sackton: But it's humanoid.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, large, yes, like the size of an older.
Mike Sackton: Is it an older.
Timothy Sackton: it's not like any ogre you've seen before.
Mike Sackton: And it seems wounded.
Timothy Sackton: Ah it's pretty clear if it's one did or it's just the way it is.
Losing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's cursed in some way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need like some peace and quiet so bad and now there's like giant fucking ogre like five marauding like bounty hunting Chardonnay is trying to kill us.
Eric Rosenbaum: and probably more with deliverance who knows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I really do it, I am now really wishing that we've taken a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whose son was the was the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Guy who made the portable hole for us.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And he was like Oh, I can make you guys like a house inside there, like a giant like shelter like why didn't we do that why don't we have him fucking do that.
Timothy Sackton: Because that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like another three weeks, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but who fucking it's like now, we can we could have just gone into our shelter into our whole fucking call and then, just like hide there for like you know, a couple weeks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do we know.
Timothy Sackton: what's happening folks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's after dark already yeah I think we stick to the plan we fortify you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We are the temple and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All the animals, all the people inside set of double watch.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): ones, but I don't think we have time and space to go scout somewhere else, oh.
kate: yeah yeah I agree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our our I now know exactly how our party response to all situations, which is um you know if we find like a giant ogre in the water, like we have to like poke it wake it up it's just, we have to like we can not just like leave it there, so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Meaning it there.
Timothy Sackton: seemed to be awake at the moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is awake.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, it doesn't so i'm saying yeah like i'm proud of our restraints and not wake it up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because I definitely way we normally would do.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you're you're making camp in the so it's a bit of a tight squeeze to get everybody in the temple, but I think it'll work, even the end all the band it's mostly going, of course, and so it's just for you how exactly is your camp setup.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was.
Mike Sackton: Perfect Defense for when the.
Timothy Sackton: creature it's just curious.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like we've walled off the door with move earth as like our usual.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm Roche.
Mike Sackton: basically want probably two engines to.
Mike Sackton: yep ways in or out right but otherwise just to.
Eric Rosenbaum: But they're like baffled.
Mike Sackton: And then, yes, with like.
Mike Sackton: A baffling type thing, so you don't get wine and say dragon raise the temple right yep um and they will be kind of cool to have like a.
Mike Sackton: pot of boiling oil yeah murder whole type thing set up.
Mike Sackton: It possible.
Mike Sackton: Some sort of traps, you know even.
Timothy Sackton: Whether it's a head you.
Timothy Sackton: Do you have.
Timothy Sackton: A cauldron and.
Timothy Sackton: Now large quantities of oil.
Eric Rosenbaum: We do have a kettle that makes T.
Mike Sackton: Does it be.
Mike Sackton: boiling oil.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the oil, it does make a bunch of weird stuff though they let me look that up.
kate: just throw up a wall of fire.
Mike Sackton: We need a charity cast qualifier I can't.
Mike Sackton: That seems quite useful.
Mike Sackton: I suggest resin casts wall of.
Mike Sackton: Fire when we get attacked and what anything that tries to come get us burn up in the wall of fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's pretty awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bro well fire.
Timothy Sackton: and add just like so whereas all your stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know why are you asking us all these fucking questions and respond again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's all in there, I mean all the animals are inside the temple.
Mike Sackton: Yes, but the portable whole is like folded up like.
Mike Sackton: it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's adele what's ass.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: literally in the darkest hole that we could find.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right sorry guy that was.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Another book.
Timothy Sackton: So I can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pull the whole whole.
Timothy Sackton: Your all your like your weapons and stuff aren't in the portable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No wait wait wait wait hold on you guys remember when cadmus was like hey why don't you guys go talk over there, but can you all stay like really close to each other.
here.
Mike Sackton: He goes fireball.
Eric Rosenbaum: What what were then they.
Eric Rosenbaum: have some other way to trap us yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah what i'm looking at Mike here Meta game what what spells would he cast That would be good for all of us to be like stuck in a temple together, that would be really useful to have.
Mike Sackton: A ball, maybe.
Mike Sackton: Any.
kate: 20 foot tube and.
Mike Sackton: I would suggest we sleep in our Armor and be prepared for the attack yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I agree, and cynical watch on top of the temple yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why is the musical like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somebody check the top occasionally also.
Mike Sackton: yeah we put to get to bed is to.
Mike Sackton: sleep on the top of the temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because the crying crying de nt screen device yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't like this music yes sure you don't want to set up camp inside the mind.
Mike Sackton: Now this is fine.
Mike Sackton: they're just going to collapse, the roof on us we're all gonna die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't why don't we go in the mind, we can like.
Mike Sackton: it's too late, just darko.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, who knows it lives it in there.
Mike Sackton: I mean, would you rather camp next to some creepy over creatures living in it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's where we are right yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: The kettle can do four gallons of boiling water, but only two gallons per minute presumably it becomes not boiling very quickly also so.
Mike Sackton: But also, can you do oil.
Eric Rosenbaum: A Quart of oil, but not boiling.
Mike Sackton: Just well, we can wait to fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: The TIM just roll a die yeah why.
Mike Sackton: He did.
Mike Sackton: Roll the dice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're we're doing maximum number of one watch minimum up hours for.
Timothy Sackton: yep okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah cruise on so as you're setting up camp actually john comes over and sits down next ken's out and he says.
Timothy Sackton: The past is catching up with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Starting.
Timothy Sackton: Out there fletcher then.
Timothy Sackton: How, you came to the temple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I did, but nothing to do with this shit played out much.
Really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah these guys are some cardone and assholes treasure hunters bounty hunters.
Timothy Sackton: How many target audience like me dad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As far as I know just these five.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what were you fleeing then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um what was I flee were some cardone and stuff that comes out next step in it wasn't with the society, the urban sprawl though right, it was more like street stuff it was more like yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah nothing to nothing too serious honestly I could go back to try to now it's nothing i've been worried about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: More these assholes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Joe are, what do you think we should do.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know why do you just didn't give them something to go away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, got a lot of should we can give them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Unfortunately.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Besides there's the principle of the thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: make a good point that Joe Har.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What if there's something we given mango it.
Mike Sackton: A try to give them something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What.
Mike Sackton: My rank I was gonna discuss a trade and then everything fell apart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They were close to taking the treasure map.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: whole thing seems dubious to me but.
It does.
Timothy Sackton: not sure it's a good idea for them to be enemies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah well that wasn't really our choice so i'm not sure if you gathered but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we were initially just having a pleasant conversation they charmed our whole our whole party.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I realized that in the end.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not exactly a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great advocate on their part.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you think.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: I think we should get to darby.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree they're probably chasing us now, though, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You get any better at fighting.
Timothy Sackton: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: how's your woodworking going into.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Overall, good haven't been able to do much recently because of this shit but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Few distractions.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good point, though it's a Texas, and I thought starts little in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It died tonight as well get a little practice them.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you're getting better.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: crying my friend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See if we make it through this night alive.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I don't think they want to kill you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You don't think so.
Timothy Sackton: Why didn't they earlier.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They want or stuffed up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah they did.
Eric Rosenbaum: So TIM, who has the.
Whole.
On the.
Eric Rosenbaum: deltas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And suppose but.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Both mirrors are in it yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But they can't open it right because there's like a magic word open the whole.
Mike Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: No just just sticking on something.
Mike Sackton: Do you like, one of the beers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Would I.
Mike Sackton: mean we could that one of the mirrors is the track.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what I was saying earlier, this is a trap them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who knows, we might end up with a cursed ogre instead that'd be cool.
Mike Sackton: Like crazy.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: If.
Mike Sackton: They end up just taking the mirror and leaving us alone it's actually not a huge loss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, we could just give them that mirror.
Mike Sackton: I thought about it earlier.
um.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's set up the mirror.
Mike Sackton: drink Korean but.
Mike Sackton: I will set up the mirror, one of the insurances and warn all the bandits to come into the other way if they're if they're coming through.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: The only problem with the mirrors of the ogre blenders into it breaks it, but all hell's gonna mini course.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is actually an extremely dangerous.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Situation creating.
Mike Sackton: that's fine it'll be fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's good there's a wizard in there and that's.
Mike Sackton: Why, if if the evil hobgoblin made she wants to enslave us all comes out of them they're all we need to do is go find the target audience tell that we've accent old.
Mike Sackton: On each chair that i've got one page and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then we will hold on hold on hold on and let's just let's just recap for a second here what's in the mirror again but women.
Mike Sackton: But we've heard.
Timothy Sackton: A lot Arc.
Timothy Sackton: And hobgoblin May.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Those three that's it.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what's the process of releasing all of them again.
Mike Sackton: You may say the magic word or break the mirror.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which is very fragile.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How.
Mike Sackton: We don't actually know if it's fragile, to be fair.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How far.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How far away, do you have to be from the command work like is just that, like in in a like line of voice, or whatever.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What if.
Mike Sackton: We released the women.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I Okay, I mean I this this this plan requires us to kind of like survive till the morning, but what if we set a trap in the mind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We set up a trap in the mind where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where we learn them in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've got the mirror in there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We collapse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The entrance of the mind so that they're stuck in there and then we break the mirror.
Mike Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: I mean I didn't that how goblin woman who the hobgoblin who thought she was two days is not a good person to like when i'm in a world where.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can manually release individual cells, so we can just let them over and out yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then keep the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, are you setting the mirror up.
Timothy Sackton: Before you.
Timothy Sackton: go to sleep or not, yes okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: see him gives.
Mike Sackton: sets it up going once going twice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait what is there anything about this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): know.
Eric Rosenbaum: It could get stolen from us that's also possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we're like keeping watch right so.
kate: yeah I mean, I think there needs to be supervised.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not by itself a complete security system.
kate: Like I feel like I have to supervise the entrance because you know I need to throw up a wall of fire to protect us if there's not so I can't be in charge of your magic mirror to.
kate: My not to be in charge to the mirror.
Mike Sackton: That with a supervisor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah dealt dealt with this stuff doesn't need honesty.
The exactly.
Timothy Sackton: Okay So who is keeping her first watch.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like first, then a couple of the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Other people.
Mike Sackton: Are gonna have to band is that.
Mike Sackton: watch it at all times, basically.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, well, we make a reception jack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This terrible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Timothy Sackton: So you watch.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So So besides the mirror what like what else the mirror i'm trying to envision how this is set up right, so you have a door you've got the mirror facing outward door like baffled earthen entrance to the temple what, what does the inside of the camp look at to somebody.
Timothy Sackton: People sleeping intense like.
Mike Sackton: That as a roof right.
I mean we're just doesn't.
Timothy Sackton: Like three quarters intact roof yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think it's just it's just open space.
Timothy Sackton: Right yeah the horses like tethered against.
Timothy Sackton: yeah against one wall like where's all your stuff.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With sleeping on our backs.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Most of our stuff within the portable whole.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that was sleeping in his Armor.
Mike Sackton: Okay, on well he's actually done is standing there that.
trend it's ready.
Mike Sackton: Right his Armor.
Mike Sackton: Right like there's a few boxes of trade goods piled around the bed is sleeping on the bed rolls to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): See.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's a sort of improvised stone horse corral on one side and then the smaller thing for it for baxter, on the other.
um.
Mike Sackton: But I think mostly people are just kind of sleeping scattered about on the.
Mike Sackton: floor and the washes on by the doors.
Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But generally speaking there's no magic items or money which is not, either on our persons are in the portable whole.
Mike Sackton: Except money that the better, I mean I don't know what the benefits are done with their share with tricia right and there's some piles of self some things.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like the packs with our cookbook uh but yeah.
Mike Sackton: it's not most of that stuff's in the portable whole.
Mike Sackton: We have like enough flower to make bread for six weeks and the portable home.
Mike Sackton: But we have a little bit I mean there's like Ben role and.
kate: yeah we have like we have to keep it the appearances, of being people who are traveling stuff X.
Mike Sackton: rays.
kate: We can just be sleeping on them.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, well, you will be.
Timothy Sackton: watching the mirror.
Mike Sackton: Use describing thing.
Mike Sackton: Down movie um wow doubtless is not on watch right now.
Mike Sackton: Okay, presumably lobbies keeping an eye on the mirror but dealt with is going to hang out on the mirror side once.
Mike Sackton: For the back after four hours we'll spend the rest, but he dealt with a standing staring at them there but he's eyes glazed over anything right right right right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So I can I in the mirror and a good like that that entice crackling now, now that we know what it is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I assume we'll just use it and watch all the time.
um.
Timothy Sackton: So it's a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: it's a little bit tricky to us on.
Why.
Timothy Sackton: Because.
Timothy Sackton: Like what are you.
Timothy Sackton: I guess you're like what holding it in your hand behind your back or something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're in my lap and just not looking at it, presumably.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You close your eyes and feel if it falls.
Mike Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: right but that's the.
Timothy Sackton: tricky bit between being on watch and also.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
kate: I don't think that's the tricky and watch in one direction and have it, you know behind to beside to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, you know you can also have it spinning on like a metal something so when it falls it like makes a sound.
Timothy Sackton: Right, it falls if it's not being watched.
Mike Sackton: right but.
Mike Sackton: You just.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Even rock it gets washed and it stands up immediately pulls off.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Mike Sackton: If you're looking at it and it spins what you do is you just leave it somewhere and as you're watching as you're walking around right you glance at it.
Mike Sackton: And it pops up and start spinning, and you just listen, I mean you know when you're on watch out like staring in one spot in one place you're looking around.
Mike Sackton: So, every time your days passes the top you pay attention you see it's been you expect it and you just listen to your fault if at some point it doesn't fall when you walk away from it, then you get suspicious.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That seems good.
Mike Sackton: It seems like you could.
Mike Sackton: be incorporated into Washington, where you basically glance at the watch the theme, to make it spin and then walk away and expect to hear it fall.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
anyway.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: You you keep watch while be and, like so I mean the top system isn't totally perfect because, of course, sometimes when the band is watching at it, looking at it and you know it's occasionally you'll like glance around i'm not entirely sure.
Timothy Sackton: What made it.
Timothy Sackton: Start or stop spinning and so it's not you know it's not a foolproof system.
Timothy Sackton: But you know your watch seems to pass.
Timothy Sackton: Without incident.
Timothy Sackton: Who is watching next.
Timothy Sackton: make a perception check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The watches.
Timothy Sackton: A few hours, I would think there's a decent number of you so.
Mike Sackton: I mean you only you only really needs to be an hour and a half it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 19.
Timothy Sackton: So you also look around.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's getting towards now towards say.
Timothy Sackton: 1010 3011 beginning to approach midnight.
Timothy Sackton: The night is quiet.
Timothy Sackton: The skies are clear, you can see through the gap in the roof, the stars coming out.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing.
Timothy Sackton: seems to disturb.
Timothy Sackton: Your sleep.
Timothy Sackton: or sorry your watch.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: Towards the end of your watch kenzo you're sort of glancing around.
Timothy Sackton: kind of briefly.
Timothy Sackton: um you know just trying to keep an eye on everything, and you notice.
Timothy Sackton: Two things one the mirror starts moving quickly away from you.
Eric Rosenbaum: shit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What I mean it's like physically moving.
yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I go and grab it from behind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and hopefully show to Vegas Hello.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, to.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: What else is there anything, besides the top that would be visible on the roof on the floor of the.
Timothy Sackton: What would be visible on the floor of the temple from above.
Mike Sackton: us.
Timothy Sackton: items.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): mean, I think, like some backpacks that rules.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If any.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like weapons, not in hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: isn't it isn't supposed to be watching the mirror isn't dealt with right excellent here.
Timothy Sackton: That was in his transcript.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: too early Dallas not up yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: goes right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right Oh, I thought we had somebody looked up with the mirror all times like awaiting.
Mike Sackton: That now you have to be a you're on watch for the year.
Mike Sackton: we're all gonna go to two watches once tell us awake to the night.
Eric Rosenbaum: The.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no, no, no, I feel like I feel like our plan was that somebody was awake with the mirror the whole time that would have been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That was that's you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yes, i'm what the mirror i'm like right here.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You make sure that nobody's nobody's taking it.
Timothy Sackton: away wait wait you're literally right next to the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mirror yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
Timothy Sackton: we're probably watching, then you can't see the inside of the of the temple at all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I thought the mirror was inside the temple.
Timothy Sackton: Well then, you can't have a baffle door that you can't see through that.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I thought the mirror was like sort of like in a goddess we're like the mirrors inside but it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: facing the door, so that opens the door they go into it.
Mike Sackton: But that that that I think the idea is that the the door doesn't actually close.
Timothy Sackton: There isn't a door that just.
Timothy Sackton: Wild is, let me let's let's do this again.
Timothy Sackton: So why is the mirror.
Mike Sackton: My thought was the door that opens like this right or an opening in the wall in earthen barriers that as soon as you come in, you have to turn wow.
Mike Sackton: yeah right.
Mike Sackton: The baffle the baffle right that goes five feet and then there's like a chair, with the mirror on it at the end of the five feet basically so it's sooner piece of wood or stone or whatever, but as soon as you turn soon as you come in the door and turn to see erected like you.
Timothy Sackton: You go in right okay.
Mike Sackton: You then turn and you'll see the mirror immediately.
Timothy Sackton: Again ever is.
Timothy Sackton: Inside the temple cannot watch outside.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So we're having one of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Benefits are on top of the.
Timothy Sackton: band it's on the roof.
Mike Sackton: The main if you're going to be in, I guess, we should be clear about this, it is not possible for the people who are on watch in that setup.
Mike Sackton: To both be on watch, you can be on watch for like mysterious things trying to attack by just hanging out by the doors, but you can't actually see out through the doors right.
Mike Sackton: Right or you could be on the roof, we have to beg it's on the roof.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could make a tiny window behind the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you can see out the.
Mike Sackton: Through the world like.
Mike Sackton: I mean you could.
Mike Sackton: kind of hole in the bathroom or something, but I mean my assumption was and I guess it wasn't clear, we should probably restate but that either somebody was watching the inside, which would mean mostly just making sure nothing like magically appears.
Timothy Sackton: who's watched.
Mike Sackton: Or was.
Timothy Sackton: So where are you watch Kansas watching on the inside and bandits are watching on the roof.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, somebody wrote D 20 for the band that's.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so I will do this again, then, because now, I understand the situation.
um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: But actually it's not that difference when I would just described um.
Timothy Sackton: Two things happen at once i'm i'm really curious if there's anything if there's any other small objects that would be scattered around like a backpack a pack Pack is to have thinking anything little besides the top.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh well, kenzo and I were doing are crafting earlier and so well kenzo was willing, would I was.
Eric Rosenbaum: carving.
Eric Rosenbaum: stone Weaver.
Mike Sackton: magic or any item at all.
Timothy Sackton: Any item at all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like some dinner plate.
Mike Sackton: yeah I was just thinking something like that and don't forget the mirror.
Mike Sackton: And I guess it's not nevermind it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, another serious little wicker cage.
Mike Sackton: The mirror is quite big it's a four foot tall heavy suffered man yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
So.
Timothy Sackton: Two things happen at once one.
Timothy Sackton: The so the mirror kenza your your maybe 510 feet away from it and it.
Timothy Sackton: You notice it like move slightly and then quickly like as if it's tilted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like somebody is invisible bucking bitches okay.
Timothy Sackton: And then, at the same time, the I guess that's just the top and some of your like woodworking begins to like lift up into the from the ceiling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I started yelling everybody to wake up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then right over tips attack whoever is running away with the mirror didn't find it didn't go into it didn't get sucked into it.
Timothy Sackton: they're invisible, you have to be able to see your reflection to get sucked into it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only does not properly consider that did we.
Timothy Sackton: But if it's active who activated the mirror.
Mike Sackton: But any of us know the command does a command to hurt anybody can speak it.
Timothy Sackton: Only the person who activate the mirror is immune to the effects of the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: So, as the mirror turns around kenzo I need you to make a charisma saving.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, no, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: All all.
Eric Rosenbaum: All we definitely got ourselves into this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Situation differently.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's all Mike.
Mike Sackton: That while.
Mike Sackton: you're.
Eric Rosenbaum: Playing.
Mike Sackton: A bad word.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's changing can just turn it off.
Timothy Sackton: You could turn it off that's true.
Mike Sackton: You also have an advantage and you're safe if you know.
Timothy Sackton: An edge on the safe.
Mike Sackton: But we all know, the command where I mean.
Mike Sackton: You don't need to be the.
Eric Rosenbaum: One advantage.
Timothy Sackton: Because what it is.
Mike Sackton: If you know what does you have a bed digital.
Eric Rosenbaum: stuff right right right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm down to enroll.
Mike Sackton: The DC 15 credits will save.
Mike Sackton: it easy to get you out if you get stock.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it's better than the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pros do this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did we say the word you say the word and we reveal the word to the River stealing.
Mike Sackton: yeah probably.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so all this happens at once the mirror it spins around you got advances to roll again up kenzo starts yelling and then.
Timothy Sackton: rest of you start to come awake as the mirror is disappearing.
Mike Sackton: No, no that's not good, because that means you have to chase down the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: pop isn't loading off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm in the mirror now.
Timothy Sackton: you're in the mirror now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yet you're just along for the ride.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Timothy Sackton: As you all like link awake I would say, go with is awake first, as you were just kind of standing there.
Timothy Sackton: What are you doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do it I can do laundry.
Mike Sackton: How far away, is the how far away, is the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: At this point, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 50 feet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is it outside the door.
Timothy Sackton: outside the door yeah that.
Timothy Sackton: Because it has to go through the baffles.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did I get long rest already.
Eric Rosenbaum: nope no.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yoga tourists.
Timothy Sackton: Short rest you haven't finished the longest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Again, so I can't do hit day, Sir, oh no I don't need a day, but I can T shirt good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can we can we act tonight.
Mike Sackton: Yes, i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): going to show.
Mike Sackton: Okay, you know what i'm gonna kick ass.
Timothy Sackton: out yeah.
Mike Sackton: Can I see.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to move, so that I can see the area just outside the door.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that what you got to come through the door to do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is is mirror already outside.
Timothy Sackton: The mirror is already outside.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: I just want to get to where I get line of sight of the year move to do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, I also want to do that.
Mike Sackton: This is this is OK, I assume the guardians are stealing stuff from us, but candles inside the mirror do I cast a harmful spell that will damage this port invisible person yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey chuck kendo so ready to die i'm ready.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm gonna make another character on down here this.
Eric Rosenbaum: year the safest one of all right now.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna cast sickening radiance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, oh what is that.
Mike Sackton: um so it's going to be I guess it's only 30 foot radius that's a 60 foot.
Mike Sackton: I might only get one shot at this that's Okay, whatever um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I haven't seen all of seeing visibility.
Mike Sackton: Ah, but by by thickening radius might solve the problem for us.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so it creates a pool of dim.
Timothy Sackton: I saw that.
Timothy Sackton: I saw the effect.
Mike Sackton: And i'm going to aim it so that the so that I mean I I mean i'm going to try to aim it so that I don't I can't really visualize the but the mirror is already outside the door.
Timothy Sackton: The mirror is already answered the door yeah.
Mike Sackton: I just i'll put it somewhere, so that whoever's change there will get it hit at least once and Edit Bay but try and maximize it so that they stop and do anything don't maybe get.
Timothy Sackton: What the rest of you do.
kate: In that sickening radiance doing now sort of see the outline of a person.
Mike Sackton: Not until they failed or sit.
Timothy Sackton: At the start of their term, they have to make a Constitution so.
Mike Sackton: If they fail they're safe they take damage and also.
Mike Sackton: Can a damage and also.
Mike Sackton: can't be invisible.
Timothy Sackton: nobody's gonna free kenzo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the middle of the.
Mike Sackton: Now he can't freedom that exists in the middle of the second wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait wait wait a.
Mike Sackton: While he'll take damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: My God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dude Kansas Kansas kept dying is this thing man it's like how many times have I that sounds like a fourth time have been conscious of these.
I mean.
Mike Sackton: Maybe you'll make your say.
Mike Sackton: My plan was to get the person to become visible and ban freakin sale, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let's get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ready to die.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm gonna come out the door to and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, this this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hide in the shadows and really an action to shoot guys soon as they become visible.
yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right, I am stealth into try and get advantage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then, all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's good enough, but I don't know but i'll a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Really, an action to shoot this as soon as I can, as soon as they're visible.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so resin are you doing and seek or when he doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh i'll give inspiration to.
Eric Rosenbaum: will be.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I will prepare to cast earth and grasp at the location, as soon as I see the creature.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you're.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): watch out for squishing it.
Eric Rosenbaum: um oh careful grass grass.
Eric Rosenbaum: Precise grasp.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
kate: If you paralyze them under they let go of what they're holding.
No.
kate: Good.
Mike Sackton: old person.
kate: Yes, I was just gonna hold person.
Mike Sackton: yeah let me do it, that would screw them with this my style they take all kinds of meet him keep him in my spell rate for longer.
kate: I just I can't it's a person, you can see.
kate: Now we have to wait till they get out of the I mean.
Mike Sackton: They might make they're saved on my style, it would be.
Mike Sackton: totally useless and you won't be able to see.
kate: well.
Mike Sackton: that's why you ready in action for a.
Mike Sackton: spell yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You just lose the spell if it if it doesn't go off.
kate: Like.
kate: I did does that just mean it would I would kept it faster if it.
kate: If I already.
know.
Timothy Sackton: You can you can trigger the spouse, not on your term like you could ready in action and say soon as I see somebody i'm going to cast person.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, but then, if you don't see somebody you still lose the spouse.
kate: I mean if.
kate: Is that I don't know is that redundant, with the earth in grasping.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, but also any of these things can fail so.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah it's not bad, to be written.
Mike Sackton: more chances, the better the problem.
kate: i'm reading person.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that's good.
Timothy Sackton: what's your what's your.
Timothy Sackton: what's your save.
Mike Sackton: My yeah DC 16 console.
Timothy Sackton: that's a nine.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: Whoever that is takes.
Mike Sackton: 17 points of damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then you get.
Mike Sackton: Ah 70 points of radiant damage one level of exhaustion.
Mike Sackton: And is emitting a greenish light and therefore it's no longer visible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Another gets looked in the mirror.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: they're not they're.
Mike Sackton: not working.
Timothy Sackton: they're all it's facing out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just until the earth and hands separates done such that they can.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, now, you can send the earth in hand.
Timothy Sackton: And the.
Timothy Sackton: whole person.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, so we do.
Eric Rosenbaum: A certain level.
Eric Rosenbaum: No second level earth and grasp.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to be yelling for the best i'll.
Mike Sackton: get up on the roof and walk for attackers.
Mike Sackton: To hold their fire until.
Mike Sackton: They tell somebody either attacks last four.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's a strength.
Timothy Sackton: Saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: allows a good wall okay 16.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: 1616 so she makes the safe.
She.
Mike Sackton: Can we see this days do recognize that.
Timothy Sackton: it's my style.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So it takes half damage and it's not restraint.
Timothy Sackton: and wisdom, save for whole person.
kate: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That is a 20.
Timothy Sackton: So no effect.
kate: Oh, he is he's rolling like crazy.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So at this point.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can turn.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, oh she's looking straight that she sees exactly where you are.
Timothy Sackton: Right passive perception.
Timothy Sackton: So no advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But she know not to look into the mirror, I mean just the mirror I.
Timothy Sackton: know she had no idea, she wasn't busy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah but not, but I mean, but she doesn't know what it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now it's like some magic mirror so she's no idea so as soon as she looks at it she's gonna get sucked into it.
Timothy Sackton: Well, she did see you then.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe hit.
19.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm going home.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So some female together.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: she's looking pretty rough is that so that's all your turns now she gets go yeah That was all the trigger actions and she just books that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): She needs to save against.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): con say come 13.
Timothy Sackton: that's 16.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right let's say that.
Timothy Sackton: She is moving ridiculously fast.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need kenza oh no.
Timothy Sackton: She moves almost 200 feet like that.
Timothy Sackton: Just.
Eric Rosenbaum: sprinting that's a magical effect isn't it.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: sure.
Timothy Sackton: Radio ring of haste and he said no.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
Mike Sackton: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I did intimate and performance already was today oh.
Mike Sackton: Okay ah.
Timothy Sackton: you're like maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: you're like maybe 200 feet away.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
kate: yeah but our best movies, like, I can move like what 20.
Mike Sackton: So she's like 200 feet away, is that we set.
Timothy Sackton: up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Out of slots I can't a dimension door.
Mike Sackton: And I am going to cast fly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): pull up um.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): She rolled the safe for starting her turning in the second ingredient.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That was all the start of her That was all her.
Mike Sackton: there's all the startup return we didn't hold her hair she's visible.
Timothy Sackton: she's visible.
Mike Sackton: Although.
Mike Sackton: The white goes away with a spell ends dammit I cache file was that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Many use the ravens whistle.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that makes sense.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): rated whistle lets you fly twice as fast as you're walking speed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I can almost keep up with that, I think.
Timothy Sackton: If you dash if you double dash and move, you can go 100 maybe.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: You should you should catch up to her and would get kensal out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah can I talk as a free like yes, have to be an action or call.
Timothy Sackton: That command word.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of the message stone that shorts also has.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you're on a different plane of existence.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right yes.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, um.
Timothy Sackton: You can you the command word is not it doesn't require an action to speak the command words, it is, however, impossible to do well, you are Raven whistling.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can just fall out of the sky that's.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll try angle myself so don't fall too far.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wow and I wonder if I hop out I can actually attacker quickly.
Mike Sackton: that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why not depends what direction you fall yeah that's.
kate: My hacker as you're falling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and i'm going to fucking do with my eyes closed cuz i'm a fucking monkey be awakened soul and shit and not have seen the whole I kensal getting trapped in the mirror part I know I felt to Christmas sales but don't like a little really.
Telling.
Eric Rosenbaum: us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A rough day that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Terrible diet rolling today.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I fucking failed three different wisdom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: South yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So, which are what number seller you're going to call out.
Eric Rosenbaum: To get it wrong.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm going to call it the number that I know kudzu is.
Timothy Sackton: Which number is that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We think about this for just one SEC I think it's for because I think there's just the hobgoblin the orc and the Western and then kenzo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm going to call for.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But hold on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did they ship stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, like like because, like when people come out to this if you were born.
Mike Sackton: Again, he gets a.
Mike Sackton: dog is going to be the wizard.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): know we tested this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, was it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, stack order.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, or you let the women out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then the women, just like fucking each or.
Timothy Sackton: No you're right it's Kansas for.
Timothy Sackton: Okay wow kenzo POPs out of them there.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice move.
Timothy Sackton: really fall to the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: way in popping out of the mirror don't I like like doesn't that affect your ability to hold it if all of a sudden, like a fucking huge person like rolls out of it.
Timothy Sackton: No, you materialize within 10 feet of the mirror you don't just like roll out.
Mike Sackton: You appear out of nowhere.
Mike Sackton: But you should like punchers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah oh yeah i'm gonna fucking attack a shadow over.
Timothy Sackton: um you take.
Timothy Sackton: You take six points of damage from falling to the ground and land prone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: way, but we got some rest and stuff right, so I don't have six points anymore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do have the Arctic 11 sure like that.
Timothy Sackton: You could use hit dies, if you want.
Mike Sackton: us to use some hit this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It works.
Mike Sackton: Just click on the add on short rest Oh, you get a short rest you get a key back.
Timothy Sackton: yeah collect short rest and then you have almost no hip points left.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And six points.
Timothy Sackton: Six hit you have almost no hit dice left.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: One hit die left.
Mike Sackton: US show us your one hit die.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because you must have yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm also not very good of like resetting and keeping track of stats to be very honest so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You short we we definitely did not short rest after the river and attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We just did just another.
problem.
Mike Sackton: So we slept for long enough to count it as a short rest are making camp and eating dinner and.
Timothy Sackton: I cannot talk track of your.
Timothy Sackton: I cannot keep track of your if you don't click long rest I can't keep track of your head days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How, what do I.
Timothy Sackton: Do beyond says what's the case.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fine, what what am I doing.
Mike Sackton: rolling short rest.
Mike Sackton: and pick however many days you have left and click on them.
Mike Sackton: However, many you have better not currently checked.
Mike Sackton: So yeah 500 points back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so i've 11 total.
Mike Sackton: yeah and you got your key back and.
Timothy Sackton: You get all your key back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um yeah I will all talker.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: it's going to end with you and conscious again.
But that's fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where I live it's my it's my it's my my stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I will have our wishes, how far wishy by.
Timothy Sackton: 10 feet she's right next year, she is holding the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah oh geez.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so I close my eyes, can I fight with my eyes closed.
Eric Rosenbaum: just doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It she she holding the mirror towards me or like towards herself.
Timothy Sackton: away from her towards you.
Eric Rosenbaum: But but also she needs to not drop it on the ground.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah boy men were to turn it off.
Mike Sackton: yeah you can just turn it off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On that doesn't take an action okay yeah i'll turn it off and then yeah i'm going to engage her right in a fucking melee attacks, so that way everybody else can like ketchup just a run away from me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so i'll engage her now all attacker with my my stuff and then try to punch her a bunch of times.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm gonna fucking miss because the ship sucks today and I can't roll for shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, and then i'm gonna.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'm going to use some key and attack the three on three on are.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There anything you can do to make her stop running.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, can I grapple or something.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can try.
Timothy Sackton: That hats, I mean she's looking pretty wounded at this point like wasn't quite expecting this.
Timothy Sackton: number of attacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: More should I just do tomorrow, try to.
Mike Sackton: yeah I mean.
Mike Sackton: grappling her can you, you can you grapple with one of your own strikes.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: She has disadvantage on ability checks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How does it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Work yeah.
Timothy Sackton: make an athletics jack.
Mike Sackton: I mean your athletics is terrible is the only problem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is one yeah.
Mike Sackton: But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If I use two key can I use to to grapple attempts.
Timothy Sackton: You can't replace.
Timothy Sackton: You can't you can't use your flurry of blows for grapples.
Timothy Sackton: So you can make one grapple attempt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you guys think one grapple at minus one or just to flurry of blows and try to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: knock around conscious.
Eric Rosenbaum: flurry yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah maybe.
kate: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: one.
Timothy Sackton: that Mrs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's an 18 Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Mrs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh she's engaged with me right.
Mike Sackton: She is engaged with she runs away you'll get an attack of opportunity.
Mike Sackton: Right, unless you have some special condition.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But also now well bees nearby to to shoot some arrows and stuff.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I would love to shoot her.
Does.
Timothy Sackton: She has gone to.
Timothy Sackton: BONUS action disengage.
Timothy Sackton: Action dash 60 feet.
Timothy Sackton: move run 60 feet pasted action dash 60 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: instead.
Mike Sackton: yeah she has a ring of pace, she has 180 feet again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, and outgoing briefly holding down the fort accidental and can't even no longer even see what's going on bro.
Mike Sackton: Like how far away, are they are.
Timothy Sackton: From you they're like now 400 feet away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah kinzer can you run fast enough to catch up with her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can jump in Oh, I can I can do, I can run fast, but not that fast.
Mike Sackton: Not that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We shouldn't have listened to fucking dealt with.
Mike Sackton: You can let the wizard out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: God within 60 feet of the mirror to.
Mike Sackton: Really adapt it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I could have done that I could that's not doesn't take an action I could have done that well.
Mike Sackton: that's a good idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think was nasty.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many yes, then.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're going to go after.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So i'm I match her distance for distance.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll try to run as fast as I can to keep up because I can do, what can I do, I can do step of the win.
Timothy Sackton: rate does it does.
Timothy Sackton: yeah step of the wind, but that doesn't let you.
When.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can use them, you can um.
kate: How do I know my normal speed.
Mike Sackton: It just it says it in the middle of your character sheet above your class.
25 Thank you.
Mike Sackton: yeah it's very hard to keep up with somebody with hey.
kate: I have this dust of speed, but it only devils my speed so.
kate: And that shirts that pushing that's worthwhile is.
Mike Sackton: For me yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, she has now like, very far away from everybody, except for wellbeing ken's own.
kate: But if I had used the desta speed when she was closer and started running I still don't think I would have caught up with their.
Mike Sackton: feisty I could go 120 feet.
Mike Sackton: So, but she's still be.
Mike Sackton: Anybody.
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't be able to keep up with her.
kate: Can I say that I used it as soon as I started to want to run after her and then that would probably get me, can I dash and double a dash speed, or is it just your.
Timothy Sackton: name, so it would give you a what 60 foot speed, so you could run 120 feet around so she would still be 120 feet.
kate: But 120 feet, is a magical number for all of my spells.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, sure you can use your dustin speed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, this is so fucking annoying.
Mike Sackton: I can't right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't we leave the fucking miro.
Mike Sackton: I said anybody have jack speak up you are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: near me I was.
Regarding it by.
Mike Sackton: You and the way he suggested that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wanted to do it in the mind where.
Mike Sackton: yah where she would have also just don't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know where we went to collapse them and track them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anyways.
kate: alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hopefully they'll leave us alone after they still fucking mirror.
Mike Sackton: If you can't keep up with her while she tasted.
Mike Sackton: When the haste wears off so quiet.
Eric Rosenbaum: So will be just keep going I guess.
Timothy Sackton: So so well the you you're gonna get up and chase after her again.
Absolutely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'll run i'll follow up and write as much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As I can, because you know they stopped.
kate: And I had to hire turn taken up with the dashing and then the next turn this one oh.
Timothy Sackton: yeah we probably really need an initiative order here.
Mike Sackton: Actually, I think that with is just gonna not do anything, because if I lose concentration on the spell.
Mike Sackton: The white goes way we can't see her right right.
Mike Sackton: I like one of the band gets away from this second ingredient cool.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So so doubt so.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be you're running after her first.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, what are you.
kate: Doing printing flying.
Timothy Sackton: Flying after her.
yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah so i'm just gonna keep the json.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm gambling that I can last longer she.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, how long can you blow the whistle for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 15 rounds per charge, this is the second of three charges.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: The 15 rounds will be longer than haste um.
Timothy Sackton: So is that anybody else trying to do anything, nobody else can actually keep up with either welby or marcella.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was still keep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Keep jumping and moving as fast as I can, because i've been i've been a fight, I want to be as close as possible.
Timothy Sackton: you're you're falling you're falling like 50 feet behind every single round.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doesn't matter.
Timothy Sackton: Well what's your speed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 45 feet.
So 90.
Timothy Sackton: you're not following that far behind actually you're falling if you if you spend a key every round two dash you can go 90 you can go 135 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Great so not quite 180 but say you're you'll be like a few hundred feet behind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so they end up in a in a in a fight I can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Get close enough to Brendan.
Timothy Sackton: and raise when you want to try and get a spell off you'll basically have one shot at a spouse because.
kate: I know.
kate: Then, then she'll go too fast yeah.
kate: But it's still trying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is really stressful.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): really want those boots right.
kate: Is this is it time for my one chatter dispel now.
Timothy Sackton: This you got a shot now or or not at all.
kate: i'm just talking about our non existent turn order.
kate: yeah okay i'm casting getting bold.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that hits.
Timothy Sackton: She falls unconscious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God.
Eric Rosenbaum: And amazing.
Timothy Sackton: Whereas, whereas that so who's back bye.
Timothy Sackton: The mirror falls to the ground.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which is like a foot.
Mike Sackton: yeah which I think would be very unlikely would shatter with that will drop.
Eric Rosenbaum: Definitely soft ground that it falls me.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So who's who's back.
Mike Sackton: lf is backed by bed temple and seekers I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep i'm at the temple.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: um so let's let's see who's I need to I need to like draw this out a little bit who's on the roof.
Mike Sackton: All of the bandits on the roof at this point.
Mike Sackton: I got the arrows out waiting for workers.
Mike Sackton: crossbows whatever.
Mike Sackton: dealt with is standing by the door keeping watch and maintain and concentration to keep in visibility, but it's probably too far away to even see given.
Mike Sackton: The darkness and things what's going on, so it's just maintaining concentration smell but otherwise basically taking a basically action perception like looking for, but still working for.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah So you see.
Timothy Sackton: i'm appearing on the ground, about.
Timothy Sackton: 60 feet away for you.
Timothy Sackton: i'm cosmos.
Timothy Sackton: Who returns from visibility as a demon appears right next to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The demon.
Eric Rosenbaum: mean this small Congress.
Timothy Sackton: And, as he turns and looks at you know this is like a large a large demon that looks kind of like a big red gorilla.
Timothy Sackton: As he turns and he looks at you, he says.
Timothy Sackton: You should have left well enough alone.
Timothy Sackton: And he just looks at this demon that appeared.
Mike Sackton: I cast a spell.
Mike Sackton: What a cast a spell.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah well initiative now.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Timothy Sackton: Many things keep track of here.
Eric Rosenbaum: cadmus has appeared near the temple.
Timothy Sackton: back by the temple yeah.
Mike Sackton: you're around to.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, but i'm okay.
kate: i'm just I think.
kate: you're probably are either well beer cans is probably an earshot of me.
kate: So i'm gonna say i'm i'm going to shout that i'm going back, so I hope i'm leaving you get with a mirror.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh roll initiative.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good finally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM I also just want to say there's definitely an aspect of like we're all like really tired and like not thinking clearly right now to just see you know, so I think that's like just like an element of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It matches.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The characters it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No longer is also true that's also true yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So kenzo and.
Mike Sackton: dash on the damn demon.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're done Oh, who goes first.
Mike Sackton: wow I mean you could go to we're just going to totally separate fights.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right yeah.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I guess let's say yeah kenzo and our roughly at the same time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well marsala is unconscious now right.
yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So oh in the mirrors and activated yep right so should I just go over and get the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will go over and grab them and.
Mike Sackton: I will also tie up Marcello you're gonna.
Mike Sackton: yeah bargain her life for Dallas when Bella does.
kate: yeah here so she's easier to carry back.
Mike Sackton: Well, you can't.
Mike Sackton: Just look at it.
kate: Oh, she.
Mike Sackton: and fellow safe.
Timothy Sackton: charisma saving throw what's your DC.
Mike Sackton: For vanish 16.
Timothy Sackton: The demon vanishes.
Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: holy shit.
Mike Sackton: I demon i'll look at canvas and say you have anything else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You bris wait on so I just I tie up dad I tie up what's her face and grab the mirror.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I mean know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What I did.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): she's leaving out on the ground, like.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yeah don't let her die.
Mike Sackton: Why.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think well says kinzer you you grab the mural do with her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I grabbed the mirror and I start running back to the temple.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: From.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: Like the maybe 100 ish feet away like around near the ruin buildings um.
Timothy Sackton: You can see.
Timothy Sackton: I guess it's pretty.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty dark so you can't actually see that clearly but there's enough ambient light with like earring must have had fires to keep watch right so presumably there's some light i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: i'm cassie and steps out and.
Timothy Sackton: holds his hand up and in the sky around you in the bandits i'm this twisting pattern of colors dances through the through the air and I need you to make wisdom saving throws I think this would get.
Timothy Sackton: Like half the bandits plus dealt with and where's where's seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm right at the entrance is a.
charm.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, it's charm so both of you get advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is the time where we're dealt with a tune receptor and uses it.
kate: For her, she has to pull the whole lot of this but.
Timothy Sackton: Did you roll up down with.
Timothy Sackton: stands just staring up.
Timothy Sackton: At the patterns and the seeker avoids that.
Timothy Sackton: The other bandits also just kind of start staring up at the patterns.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: You are down with.
Timothy Sackton: You are.
Timothy Sackton: incapacitated having a speeder zero.
Timothy Sackton: Until somebody uses their action to shake you awake or you take damage.
Timothy Sackton: seeker you're up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a bell with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do I wake up delis.
Mike Sackton: use it action.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: But I also do something useful, I guess, but it's gonna be huge weight watchers ids but like unfortunately we're not going to the two of us are probably not going to win against the two casters.
Eric Rosenbaum: Even though.
Mike Sackton: It is finished.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I better just go run and wake up deal with and give him inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I mean Joe bonus action.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's.
Timothy Sackton: Right yeah inspirations bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK that end seekers turn while be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A i'm taking your boots and our weapons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the haste to drink thing to take that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's a big.
Timothy Sackton: No it's a ring.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Again, sorry those boots for some reason.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You take the boots off though it's not a bad idea.
kate: This you can't even walk away.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and destroy them or something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then i'm leaving for their back.
Timothy Sackton: like leaving her bleeding out to die yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah okay I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): was a surprise attack us we don't shield them carefully like out later bed.
Mike Sackton: When her dad your dad i'm not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We really are gonna fucking raise an army and ride to war against chart and that's like what all is.
Mike Sackton: This encounter we're not going to survive this encounter.
Mike Sackton: If Antonio and hector show up.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is only half of them right for three of them had a five.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah well they're all going to show up, I mean.
kate: yeah they're all after us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now.
Timothy Sackton: As you turn and head back after taking your stuff.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Mike Sackton: you're going to keep her as a hostage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): From where I am is yell in xp for baxter to attack.
Timothy Sackton: Your like.
Timothy Sackton: 400 feet away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, is that too far for.
Timothy Sackton: too far for.
Timothy Sackton: long distance communication so but you're running back with are you heading back towards the main, what do you after you take her ring and her bow what are you doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the ring on and run back really fast.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah i'm heading back as quickly as I possibly can, because i'm there still someone you're still walking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: around with the ring on right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So erased it.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The ring on but I don't assume I can.
Timothy Sackton: really nothing happens.
Mike Sackton: to it.
Timothy Sackton: Again, that ends our turn.
Timothy Sackton: Time let's see cadmus so you will you are woken up.
Oh, I see.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he will do that.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: He will say.
Timothy Sackton: You don't like demons.
Timothy Sackton: How about ghosts.
Timothy Sackton: And a.
Timothy Sackton: ghost appears.
Timothy Sackton: Next to you as he.
Timothy Sackton: As he has formed seems to shift, as he grows slightly bigger and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: i'm he grows slightly bigger and darker and turns almost um.
Timothy Sackton: Like the shadows grow deeper around his face his skin looks like it against the weather, a little bit and he grows almost skeletal and appearance i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really.
Timothy Sackton: And the ghost now is going to step up next and he's gonna he's moving backwards, a little bit and the ghost is going to step next to you, so now you're engaged in combat with it and is going to.
Timothy Sackton: attack you.
Mike Sackton: Wait you don't really have any spells DC here.
Timothy Sackton: that's going to mess.
Eric Rosenbaum: i've got some spell slots, not a lot.
Mike Sackton: To very useful spells that could.
Get you back again.
Eric Rosenbaum: With who is he attacking.
Timothy Sackton: That goes does attacking dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: yeah oh man one in a three that both attacks mess.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that ends his turn.
Timothy Sackton: brings us back to Kansas and dealt with.
Mike Sackton: How far away, is that miss.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, like now 80 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: 80 feet away.
Mike Sackton: How is he so far away, it was me right next to me.
Timothy Sackton: know he was 60 feet away some of the demon right next to you, but he was.
Timothy Sackton: Then he backed up even further.
kate: His demon.
Timothy Sackton: And summon the ghost.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we just like give up and just make up some new characters right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You got this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's like a really.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like it was just because I think they didn't bring their big noisy people they thought this was a stealth mission.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): cool like we we got this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
Mike Sackton: Really, I want all of the band.
Timothy Sackton: level to.
Mike Sackton: to shoot as many errors, as they can at the ufo the bandits they're not all prismatic charmed.
Timothy Sackton: I know that's true I forgot about they.
Mike Sackton: Should pile bedded.
Mike Sackton: into cast into cadmus.
Mike Sackton: pile arrows into canvas.
Timothy Sackton: Nice Okay, the three bandits who are not charmed are going to attack him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We are so far.
Mike Sackton: I mean, he.
Mike Sackton: He doesn't crappy see.
Mike Sackton: We all know how here.
Mike Sackton: They haven't rested he's probably not fully he makes they'll be damaged from your previous and he brought a short rest of the days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, but they rested inside that fucking 10 thing like they did a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Long rest of magical shelter.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We would have spent their goodness they're like.
Mike Sackton: They were just.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: let's see one of those arrows hits.
Mike Sackton: Is this goes to concentration thing.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly.
Timothy Sackton: Does.
Timothy Sackton: My God just roll and need some actual dice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dice.
Timothy Sackton: I can't I just use the end beyond that's easier.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Speaking stressful.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
Timothy Sackton: He makes his concentration save.
Timothy Sackton: quite easily.
Timothy Sackton: goes does not vanish, but it does take eight points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: um, and that is the bandits terms, so kenzo you're up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A foreign my away now from the main double struggle thing.
Like.
Timothy Sackton: 300 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um yeah I guess I I continue to run as fast as I can back.
Timothy Sackton: So that's 90 feet and now you're.
Timothy Sackton: 300 or 210 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I can I step in the wind and.
Timothy Sackton: yep I mean you've probably used to keep up you already used three key so this would be using and you used one key for flurry so this would be your fifth key.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And that would that would bring you another 45 feet closer so hundred and.
60 570 565 sorry.
Timothy Sackton: So your hundred 65 feet away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: childlike hold dear, and like start running out them and, just like you know.
Timothy Sackton: I dealt with your up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Once you get.
Mike Sackton: It.
Mike Sackton: going to summon my shadow beast creature.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and have it go attack canvas.
Mike Sackton: What worst kept.
Mike Sackton: secret.
Mike Sackton: Maybe secret can go after cassie.
Timothy Sackton: cassie mine is like cassie and and cadmus are like a 40 feet away from each other and both like distant from you like 80 or 100 feet.
Mike Sackton: Okay yeah.
kate: I can come upon them before I come back to the like are they on my way back.
Timothy Sackton: Here, let me, yes, just do a little.
Mike Sackton: So let's see it gets one attack.
Mike Sackton: it's a spell attack it has flyby so it's just gonna.
Mike Sackton: It has 60 feet.
Mike Sackton: I can't quite get away now hold on can I summon it what's it what's the range the range is 90 feet so i'm going to summon it right above their heads right above cameras had.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and then it's going to swoop attack him and fly up again so it's gonna be 60 feet basically 60 feet above him.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: And it is my style attack.
Mike Sackton: That role.
Timothy Sackton: I mean I don't have anything resembling a map here, but I.
Mike Sackton: want to assume that hits.
Timothy Sackton: You up that hits.
Mike Sackton: And it.
Was.
Mike Sackton: One D plus 312 damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: They have to make another consideration they.
Timothy Sackton: got he's succeeding.
Mike Sackton: that's like 20 he probably only has you almost killed him with 35 points of damage kenza.
Timothy Sackton: yeah right okay so that's that's your turn kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm just running shutting I was, I can really do right.
Timothy Sackton: Now, with that's done with yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah cassie is going to look over.
Timothy Sackton: At you all.
Timothy Sackton: And just yell out.
Timothy Sackton: surrender now.
Timothy Sackton: And we won't kill you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): From the far distance you hear well beginning same offer.
Timothy Sackton: A fireball explodes over your heads.
kate: Whose heads were like.
Mike Sackton: Oh, hundreds of none of us are anywhere.
Mike Sackton: near each other.
Timothy Sackton: Who was literally as right as we.
Mike Sackton: possibly could be.
Timothy Sackton: Okay seeker.
Timothy Sackton: seeker and the bandits then.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know where are you.
Mike Sackton: i'm I mean i'm sort of.
Mike Sackton: In between, I think seekers probably closer to them, then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: I saw a 40 foot diameter sphere.
Mike Sackton: So the bandits are probably all within 40 feet of each other on the.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah definitely.
Mike Sackton: yeah i'm probably 20 feet from the edge the globe is right next to me, of course, yeah um and so you could probably get down with and My guess is you could get dealt with in speaker.
Mike Sackton: But probably none of the band is right or or.
Mike Sackton: Oh now he's got.
Timothy Sackton: All the bandits and seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: So sorry guys.
Timothy Sackton: dexterity saving around.
Mike Sackton: How big is the roof I don't know if you could necessarily realistically do.
Timothy Sackton: 40 feet, not a huge building.
I guess.
Timothy Sackton: seeker you take 33 points of fire damage.
Timothy Sackton: All of the bandits or dad.
Mike Sackton: 33 shells all the bandits these guys are in trouble.
Mike Sackton: Who cassie.
kate: cassie in.
Mike Sackton: His life.
Eric Rosenbaum: What did you say war crimes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Secret secret alive you're you've hit points stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah holy shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: For absurd are strong and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just to step back for one second here like holy fucking hell, like the kardashians are like murderous fucking like like bloodthirsty fucking like like holy shit.
Mike Sackton: I, my colleague, all the bandits.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Timothy Sackton: You really never done similar things.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: You ever done so we really haven't never.
Mike Sackton: really had anything similar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What monsters we've like killed like fucking.
Mike Sackton: have never fireballs a group of humans.
Timothy Sackton: Absolutely no mostly because you don't have fireball.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is this is this is some crazy.
Mike Sackton: They are escalating pretty bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is this is insane this is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like really fucking crazy.
Mike Sackton: Killing it basically killing this group of bandits who did, who are all now kristin dead that I see is a pretty egregious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what's the hold on hold on they weren't bandits, mind you, they were starving done Mari that we're like trying to figure out how to survive.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): who had gotten out, I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): She is pretty bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They were a bounce retire their families, they were literally about to take the gold, we gave them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Their families.
Eric Rosenbaum: One last thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): before returning.
Mike Sackton: It yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm going insane who.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay awesome so I have 120 feet range on erupting Earth.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll try to hit cassie and is he in range for that.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: 16 decks yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's 11 so he takes 21 points of damage and is trapped in difficult terrain.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I will also retreat.
Eric Rosenbaum: into the baffle area, so I could still see out but i'm at least a little bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay hidden.
Mike Sackton: to bed bad he used are you.
Mike Sackton: Using Your fourth level spelled on.
Mike Sackton: That if we win keep in mind that we are like at half strength.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, also now just wait for the fucking barbarian and on the fuckers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM I couldn't tell us that I don't remember.
Eric Rosenbaum: If that checked off my spell slot or not that's the annoying thing is like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now I don't know I.
Eric Rosenbaum: have one or zero third level spell sauce left.
Timothy Sackton: I think you should have zero because you had.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You had one.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that's right.
Timothy Sackton: So well be it's your turn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Before i'm a.
Timothy Sackton: While you are at the far end, you are.
Timothy Sackton: All the way 400 feet away with Marcel.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Has there been one rabbit settled back so far.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, one round travel back so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The more like 300 feet.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so now you're saying you're like yeah 300 feet away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm going to use this to for me to use the last charge on the ravens whistle and cover 180 of them.
Timothy Sackton: Who is carrying the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can incentivize.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you're now 120 feet away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the range on the mirror.
Mike Sackton: say.
Timothy Sackton: site, I mean you have to be close ish right it's not an it's not a super distant.
Timothy Sackton: Okay let's see marcella.
Mike Sackton: thing or cells.
Mike Sackton: dying right you just left her to die.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It looks to the.
address.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: The ghost will attack.
Mike Sackton: Oh okay well hold on.
Mike Sackton: I meant to use my bonus action tend to use my brain so that I got this advantage, he has disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: that's 17 with disadvantage miss.
Timothy Sackton: teen with disadvantage.
Miss.
Timothy Sackton: Okay that's the ghost.
Timothy Sackton: Wait everybody has disadvantage against you.
Mike Sackton: Anybody who attacks me.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is insane.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Such a bad idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is fucking the same.
Mike Sackton: As effectively a bonus action damage.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well he's going to attack you as a blast of hold energy comes firing out of his hand.
Timothy Sackton: And that is a 27 with disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: For the first blast.
Mike Sackton: I am skeptical of your dice rolling here TIM unless he has way stronger than us how do they have higher than a plus eight.
Timothy Sackton: That was a.
Mike Sackton: role in 1920.
Timothy Sackton: He he might have higher than a plus.
Mike Sackton: A plus nine plus nine.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so that's 10 no more than 1010 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, plus.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my grandchildren anymore.
Timothy Sackton: wisdom saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: rid of.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, not.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So you are frightened.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I can I can stop that I can make you on Friday I can catch you.
Timothy Sackton: And you take sorry it was it's actually 11 points of damage not 10 that was crappy um.
Timothy Sackton: And you are frightened.
Mike Sackton: Of that it.
Timothy Sackton: Of cosmos.
Timothy Sackton: And then second attack is going to be a.
Timothy Sackton: 19 with disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: display see.
Timothy Sackton: So, then you take an additional 14 points.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pretty much you have left.
34 wow.
Timothy Sackton: And that will end his turn.
Timothy Sackton: kenza Europe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fry my know.
Timothy Sackton: Those arrows back did kill asleep.
Mike Sackton: crazy good for with disadvantage you didn't roll Western of 15 that whole time practically.
No.
terribly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM i'm.
Timothy Sackton: More attacks on you and you are 165 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: From the temple but.
Timothy Sackton: it's like an angle so it's actually a bit further from cadmus and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which one closer to me.
Timothy Sackton: cadmus.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm i'm I hold the mirror like facing him and just cuz he was, but he doesn't know what the Fuck is going on, you haven't seen the myriad of know what the hell, what right yeah so i'm going to start running towards him as fast as I can, and just start which I should just scream.
Eric Rosenbaum: siren noises.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stream why.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Would you say you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): know what the range on that.
Timothy Sackton: you're you don't know what the ranges.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Live site.
Eric Rosenbaum: Side noises.
Eric Rosenbaum: somewhere between.
Mike Sackton: 20 probably.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah just yeah I should make noise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He looks over.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean you're still probably 200 feet away from him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I can get I can get you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: switch it back on by the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I won't once once I get once I get close enough actually i'll switch switch i'll turn it back on and i'll start i'll run and I will wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't trip and fall yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then this fucking Kansas city Kansas.
Timothy Sackton: Driven phone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah like a like a once like oh my God it's gonna be epic this isn't gonna be a great for the comic book.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas gonna like a leap into the air, with the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know if you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like yell I don't have to leave in the air, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I want as fast as I can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I can.
Timothy Sackton: Do with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whoo Horn, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't don't get close enough to him that he actually hears me.
Timothy Sackton: Ah hey look, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can go look.
Timothy Sackton: If you're spending one more key which is going to get you down pretty low, you can go hundred and 35 feet, so you can get within like 70 feet 65 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Almost.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's close enough for him to hear to actually see it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he's looking over at you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah look yeah then i'll scream and i'll run a hold the mirror and then Allah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think it just at the edge of the range right now.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's got what he said what kind of saved as he had to make.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not.
Mike Sackton: Easy I didn't read Christmas safe if he is.
A.
Timothy Sackton: cow a.
Timothy Sackton: cow with that with what are you doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So he's not i'm not within range.
Eric Rosenbaum: range it's probably 60.
kate: Crispin hasn't done anything in a while.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I just realized Brisbane hasn't done it where is it where do you want to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's whisper and even in this order.
kate: I don't know I haven't done anything in a very long time, I was asking if I was running towards the it's you sort of answered it when you talk about kenzo.
kate: Like if i'm running towards the temple place of you don't come to the people first you come to the temple first, you have to sort of go dangling around to go.
Yes.
kate: i'm people.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
kate: But i'm running with the speed of my desk still because it's like a minute and.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so I would say you've now closed within maybe 60 or 70 feet of them.
kate: Okay, well then I can getting bold.
Timothy Sackton: Who are you getting bolting which.
kate: One of them is more annoying.
Eric Rosenbaum: they're both pretty dangerous.
kate: yeah um well Kansas going after the guy with marisol got the right guy.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Make your tackle.
Timothy Sackton: that Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: So that's when down with.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, it was actually down with resume but.
Mike Sackton: Sorry um well the shadow, these will dive bomb what should be again.
Mike Sackton: And mess.
Mike Sackton: And I guess, I will attack the ghost I don't really want to attack the ghost the giant least time.
Mike Sackton: I can't do anything else.
Mike Sackton: The 20 hit.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you have disadvantage well the.
Timothy Sackton: source of your fear is within sight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only the ladder were here, everything will be okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah 17 does hit.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoo.
Mike Sackton: yeah but it's not gonna matter.
Timothy Sackton: 14 missing.
Timothy Sackton: who's got.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be you still have marcella stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: let's see so that's risen to now cassie and is off.
Timothy Sackton: boy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, he is fat off.
kate: My bed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I believe the two warriors aren't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like if they were there would be fucking dead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Food you super did.
Mike Sackton: I think we're actually all going to die in the next 15 minutes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm excited i'm excited to be.
Timothy Sackton: Higher springs up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What happened to wall of fire wasn't that what we're gonna do.
kate: We were waste.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's right that's right.
Timothy Sackton: Let me see can this be.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: hey ring wall appears surrounding it's.
Timothy Sackton: No, you know I it's going to be 60 feet long just cutting in front of the two of them like blocking.
Timothy Sackton: i'll go close to let's see so you're probably secrets kind of inside.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You don't go and like cut cut in a line between Lisbon and kensal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, this is gonna be epic.
This is gonna be so i'm 60.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it says let's gonna.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: jump over a wall of fire holding the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like as.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Over the fucking edge of the fire and smoke those mother fuckers in.
Timothy Sackton: So kenzo in prison but need to make dexterity saving throws.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody can see them because the walls opaque.
kate: One side of the wall deals damage.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the side face it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's a line that.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
kate: So not between us, but between us and everybody else.
Timothy Sackton: Is between you and everybody else between you and them.
Mike Sackton: which side of the wall, we.
Timothy Sackton: you're on the damage stealing side.
Mike Sackton: Now, so we can't see.
Timothy Sackton: You can't see them anymore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For now.
Timothy Sackton: Until cancer jumps okay can.
Timothy Sackton: I can sweat it resident dexterity saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay let's see raise when you are both was this into fire Brisbane made are safe, so you take six points of damage kenzo felt unsafe, but has evasion, so you also take six points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: So that was kind of useless but it's still standing there.
Timothy Sackton: And that will and Kathy has turned seeker.
Your.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess i'll just will Canadian to hear i'm cassie and wearing anything metal.
Timothy Sackton: Or you can't see cassie and anymore oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can see the other guy, though.
Timothy Sackton: You can see a giant wall of fire yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
kate: We can see this belt that this spell casters cast the i'm so confused without a map like who can see what.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I see.
kate: In what.
Timothy Sackton: didn't really intend this to turn into a combat here I didn't make a map.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's fine let's just explain.
Timothy Sackton: So okay so so they're standing like 6070 feet away from the wall of fire makes a line connecting kenzo and risen and extending sort of towards the door that is in between you and that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can see what.
Timothy Sackton: He through the wall.
Mike Sackton: how's it in between all of us.
kate: Somebody must be able to see them it's a two dimensional it's a single line, how can nobody be on the same side of the wall is them, we were all over the map.
Mike Sackton: that's what I don't understand it seems to me like either.
Mike Sackton: They would be putting the wall close to them like right in front of them, in which case we'd all be on the other side, but I wouldn't damage kensal result or they couldn't possibly walk me and seeker from being able to see.
Mike Sackton: right here, he goes ways.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): walking and doing damage just a concern was when presumably.
yeah.
kate: yeah if we got the damage done to us were the ones who can't see them.
Timothy Sackton: And that means yeah i'm trying to draw us.
Timothy Sackton: Right it's something like this yeah.
kate: Are you drawing it in.
kate: zoom or 20 or what.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I can see is della della.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh cool there actually is a fire and wind thing that's Nice.
Mike Sackton: But kensal and risley would be anywhere close to that light a fire is my point.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah they're they're probably they were further i'm.
Mike Sackton: We were all spread out pretty far there's no way that they could have blocked all of us from line of sight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is in fact the most spread out I think we've ever been for any battle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like.
that's why.
Mike Sackton: It seems to me like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah so you're right dealt with and and so it'll be it's more like this right dealt with and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There we go Nice.
kate: Okay, that makes sense.
Mike Sackton: And secrets here and kenzo and.
Eric Rosenbaum: When you say here you mean wear.
sneakers.
Timothy Sackton: Like here.
Mike Sackton: Well, of Annapolis yeah fine.
Timothy Sackton: And well be is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 100 feet away in some direction.
Timothy Sackton: Well i'll be is like off the map behind off the map over here.
kate: You didn't have pointer when you were extremely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, but I was only I was about 60 feet away.
you're saying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then.
Timothy Sackton: Right now yeah that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
kate: i'm the wall of fire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm so excited to jump over the wall of fire with the fucking mirror and put this motherfucker in the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: Meanwhile he's actually further away than that.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, a bit more like yes.
kate: Okay, so speaker can see.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, seeker can see.
Mike Sackton: mean anything you could do that would would sell stuff left.
Timothy Sackton: Although they've been there, further away from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not a lot I have there's that.
Eric Rosenbaum: bottle of locusts.
Eric Rosenbaum: That I can throw 60 feet does pretty significant damage potentially.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's time to use.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Everything we have yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah it's just whether what what I even can use other further actually.
kate: See keep moving.
Timothy Sackton: Well, they were they were moving away from there were like 100 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: And you haven't moved closer to that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh TIM, I have a ring of fire resistance to.
Timothy Sackton: I know that's why I said you're resistant to fire.
Good.
kate: forge clerics.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: So catapult can launch something 90 feet.
Mike Sackton: move.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I could move to within.
Eric Rosenbaum: 90 oh just barely probably.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): perfect.
Mike Sackton: But you can also it's ranges 60 so you can start the object from a point within 60.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the objects, it is something i'm carrying so.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah playing the locusts bottle with catapult.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's what I was thinking.
Eric Rosenbaum: That worked him.
Timothy Sackton: I totally forget what the locusts bottle is.
Eric Rosenbaum: The the.
Timothy Sackton: bottle.
Eric Rosenbaum: The swarm bottle.
Timothy Sackton: it's warm bottle requires an action to us.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like hit us with the kid catapult this robot.
Timothy Sackton: It requires it requires an action to activate and use and you cannot cast a spell as an action and use this one.
Timothy Sackton: to know you can't catapult this one.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I could throw it 60 feet, but I can't get it, but I can't get close enough to.
Eric Rosenbaum: them to do that.
Mike Sackton: weightless fear within 60 feet, but you can't get close enough to.
know.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is not going our way guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think there's anything useful I can really do except for like light the candle darkness and hide myself.
Mike Sackton: Do something to get rid of the ghost I mean if I could, if I was next to these guys, it would be a lot more useful.
Mike Sackton: frustrating.
Eric Rosenbaum: where's the ghost is it.
Timothy Sackton: ready right next next.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it's so far away from.
Timothy Sackton: Keep backing up.
Timothy Sackton: You don't want to be close to him.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm sorry to be slow I just don't have much that I can do here.
Timothy Sackton: i'll be your next.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What about healing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah does deal with need healing.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah okay healing word on bill was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can you healing word me I only have like six minutes left.
Mike Sackton: Our heel down with it yeah don't heal our i'm fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've six points.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just way too far away.
Eric Rosenbaum: 60 foot range on that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you run 50 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can run 25.
kate: I can heal you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh that's great.
Mike Sackton: race when you, we need to actually fight these guys are gonna die.
Mike Sackton: Okay well not sure, but you can bonus action to basket.
Eric Rosenbaum: I he'll deal with for eight.
kate: And I can bonus action heal.
Eric Rosenbaum: And i'm also.
kate: Like a secular no.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, was because.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's, all I can do so dealt with you have you got a.
Mike Sackton: Better wrap up sitting here because I do.
Mike Sackton: yeah is that the one is.
Mike Sackton: really waiting.
Timothy Sackton: While the year out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright i'm going to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): move 120 and then shoot.
Timothy Sackton: A guy who are you where you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can most i'm going to end up somewhere around the sun, to the wall of fire.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But dude what the exact measurements.
Timothy Sackton: sound like that they are ash.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Damage, which is just regular damage sadly there's no.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: This goes go away, yet.
Timothy Sackton: nope.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK, so that ends well, please turn um.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be you turn and see rushing up behind you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): put him in the air.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You still see coming up behind you not moving super fast, but ah moving.
Timothy Sackton: In this direction Marcel.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Marceau.
Mike Sackton: The tire up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nobody tried.
Eric Rosenbaum: To system conscious on the girls.
Timothy Sackton: Just unconscious but she will the natural 20 hundred deaths even drown.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So.
Timothy Sackton: An airplane.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So for put a certification.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I was even vaguely that close at this point because we were like 500 feet away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And shorts Tucker boots.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): She has no case.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she's running barefoot barefoot.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 90 feet of turn but that's still going to be like four to five rounds, and I think it's only been two.
Timothy Sackton: it's, this is the third round, this is the.
Timothy Sackton: we're in the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kids are shoes, you can run her but.
Timothy Sackton: she's still far away she's like off the map of the year.
You can run barefoot.
Timothy Sackton: she's still like 120 feet away from you, she just on the map.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and has new weapons.
Timothy Sackton: And how well she has a short sword.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just one hit point.
kate: And would she have a short term.
Timothy Sackton: or she I mean I don't know how long did you spend if you wanted to get back quickly you couldn't have spent forever looting or right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, it was just like I think I said bootstrapping and weapons.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Right that's so that's what you talk, I mean whenever.
Timothy Sackton: cadmus.
Timothy Sackton: goes to tack on my God so many things going on here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was not expecting this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is like he goes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God.
Timothy Sackton: That is a 25.
Timothy Sackton: And the second attack is a 27 so to ghost attacks hit you.
Timothy Sackton: So, are you take our.
Timothy Sackton: six plus.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, not 610.
Timothy Sackton: plus another 1020 points of new product damage.
Timothy Sackton: And you need to make another wisdom saving throw.
Mike Sackton: And really incredibly second wisdom saving Chris.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah of inspiration now, if you want.
Timothy Sackton: You have inspiration.
Mike Sackton: i'm kind of ready to go to bed be totally honest.
Timothy Sackton: You are stuff right and.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't give up still with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): think we can still take them, I feel very confident still.
Eric Rosenbaum: And or die fighting.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Mike Sackton: What is the.
Eric Rosenbaum: weather.
Mike Sackton: I have no idea what's going.
On IDA.
Mike Sackton: will use my inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: You take another.
16.
Timothy Sackton: You take another 16 plus seven the chronic damage.
Mike Sackton: 16 plus seven all right i'm dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: But only a little bit.
kate: Michael see us all text such a good night MIC.
Timothy Sackton: And camera Stan sort of steps forward.
Timothy Sackton: As he sees that with fall and says again.
Timothy Sackton: surrender now and nobody has to die.
kate: set for the seven people you already killed.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody else has to die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's enough.
Timothy Sackton: Is Kansas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, I jumped over the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: jump over the the The fly on the wall flame with the mirror activated and I is there anything else you guys think I can do to like are.
Timothy Sackton: You sure you want to do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah wonderful what else, am I gonna do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What why wouldn't that be a good idea.
Timothy Sackton: Ah it's 20 feet tall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or, I can just run around the mirror since like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: run around that run around and.
kate: run around the end yes i'm fucking 10 feet away from the edge, I will run around the edge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Although just the image of 10s of jumping over a fucking wildfire with the mirror pretty sweet I run around the edge with the mirror and just start running at them yelling and screaming or anything else, like creative I can do to like draw their attention to me so they look at me.
kate: insults.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: walking fucking marketing whatever.
kate: share the life stories of the people they just posted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ooh yeah it's a good idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I started screaming the names of the of the slain family men.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not the bandits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The the fucking family men and I start running out them running towards them holding the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they'll give some when when this fails.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A woman to fucking break the mirror and look at why burnout.
Timothy Sackton: The 16 on his charisma say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He made it yeah What about the other guy.
Timothy Sackton: he's probably too far away.
Timothy Sackton: So what else, what else, are you doing, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you keep running you could get close enough probably.
get as close out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe not.
kate: Maybe run a bit towards.
kate: The carrier, so you have a potential to like get healed or killed by the ghost one of.
The.
kate: Most to be there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I could what.
kate: If it goes to the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: play, but guys can look at them, I don't know i'm also getting really tired.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know where you guys think I should do you.
kate: get somewhere in between the ghost in the bad guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which move he got left.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 45 So if I was over here one of these boxes 10 feet or five feet.
But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah fine I go like over here.
Eric Rosenbaum: just add a range.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're all gonna die and we get to make new characters and star don't.
Timothy Sackton: All have to die.
Timothy Sackton: If you will, if you absolutely refuse to give absolutely anything to them, they can't you know.
Mike Sackton: they're not going to just go into said you set these guys up to be horrible villains, who slaughtered people, and now you expect us to surrender to that.
Mike Sackton: makes no sense.
kate: only thing they want is the one thing we won't give them that's.
kate: Like you know we tried to give them the ring in the top and they said no.
Mike Sackton: You try to get them are don't want.
Mike Sackton: fashion from.
Mike Sackton: We killed seven people and don't really care like they're villains at this point.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah I agree it's possible we may all die but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm i'm ready to die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is this is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm fully ready to die.
kate: it'll be your turn, is it.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Dallas Brisbane and our.
Mike Sackton: duty to me.
kate: From where I am no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no.
kate: I mean, I mean I I guess at this point it's better to have secret have dealt with back in function, then for me to make an attack right now.
Mike Sackton: Now, you should make it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: run around the wall and make an attack, maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What kind of attacks, can you do.
kate: mean from this far away getting goal.
kate: that's not bad if it hits it's just a matter of if it hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
distance.
kate: move away from the wall.
kate: I can see, and then.
kate: The One the one controlling the is the ghost permit matter wet or is it going to go with one of them, the pastor goes way.
Timothy Sackton: No it'll go away after.
kate: The caster is the one.
kate: darker one yeah.
kate: So the one because it me anyway all right, I am going to cast that in bulk at the ghost caster i've lost track of the games that both begin to see I give up.
Timothy Sackton: 2323 hits.
Mike Sackton: that's a lot of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That actually 28 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: As as as your guiding ball strikes the creature, it becomes sprays cadmus he becomes insubstantial for a moment i'm reducing the damage by half still it's pretty badly shaken.
Timothy Sackton: And now let's see.
Timothy Sackton: That saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh boy.
Mike Sackton: did a concert or just the 20.
Timothy Sackton: The 20.
kate: I think I didn't use all my movement because I forgot that I still have the speed, the speed thing right yep so i'm going to move like parallel to so would have cast from the same distance, but like be a little closer to that way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can heal me that'd be great I also only have like five minutes left your.
kate: way back Oh, we know you're up there now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm close to you yeah maybe, can you still do healing stuff seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: i've got a couple healing spells yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you can heal you can revive dealt with when it's your turn.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, is that and your turn resin.
kate: uh yeah.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: hi cassie and as he's gonna look around and see is this is kind of.
Timothy Sackton: Its kind of sort of sees that cadmus is looking a bit her sees a notices now in the distance with the glow of the wildfire marsala kind of limping up in the back and he's gonna turn over and sort of yellow casting she's not dad.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, it was.
Timothy Sackton: They didn't kill her.
Timothy Sackton: kind of looking at him like what should we do.
Timothy Sackton: And he will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll put them all away.
Timothy Sackton: he's gonna move towards.
Timothy Sackton: towards.
Timothy Sackton: he's gonna know he wants to get a little closer he's gonna.
Timothy Sackton: he's gonna move there.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, he will use this action to.
Timothy Sackton: Move, all the way closer.
booties.
Timothy Sackton: So he's gonna dash and then he'll say.
Timothy Sackton: Look.
Timothy Sackton: You don't want your friends die.
Timothy Sackton: I don't want my friends to die.
Timothy Sackton: If this keeps up everybody is gonna die.
Timothy Sackton: Is that what you want.
kate: Lately, what you want you're the winner keeps attacking.
Timothy Sackton: Never started combat with you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): who's a friend.
Timothy Sackton: Ah seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Always doubt damage First they certainly did you, but they have never struck the first blow with actual damage dealing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A fact that so semantically it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Such a semantic bullshit that is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like if they're casting charm smells that's an attack if they're trying to steal our shit that's an attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not like a you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: So healing word on deal with could revive him with a true.
yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: gotta do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's eight per deal with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Those um.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's, all I can do, I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just you know condition.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the funny thing about that candle that makes darkness, is that we, I also would not be able to see right.
Mike Sackton: I could see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): whoo you're close enough to throw this format what's his name.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the swarm bottle Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah I.
Mike Sackton: Was bonus.
Mike Sackton: Water bottle is not you can just toss it do it.
Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: I lost it, whereas the swarm oh there it is um.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you can throw it up to 60 feet, where it shatters.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's.
Timothy Sackton: Like you know if you keep attacking them it's very likely that multiple people are going to die right.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Like giving you them.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're just trying to survive TIM.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the I throw the swarm bottle which shatters and locusts wedding locusts fill a 20 foot speed sphere.
Eric Rosenbaum: DC 15 Conseco.
Eric Rosenbaum: And 4010 damage.
Mike Sackton: Oh did he make his constitute is his.
Mike Sackton: Concentration to keep the ghost up after 28 points of damage.
kate: eight.
Timothy Sackton: It was 14 because he was reduced.
Timothy Sackton: by half, and he has an advantage on concepts.
Mike Sackton: Oh, he sells gonna fail eventually.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry i'm trying to get a radius for this was just gonna get this guy.
Mike Sackton: Just hit yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So he needs to make a constitution saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: That is a 17.
Eric Rosenbaum: So he takes 2d 10 I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Overall 40 can divide by two.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry takes 10.
Eric Rosenbaum: To get some bug bites.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They stay there, though they keep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Making me yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: For three turns.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's difficult terrain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wasn't one of the other guys stuck in difficult terrain from something else that.
Timothy Sackton: was a while ago.
Timothy Sackton: I got that end seekers turn well be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right i'm going to go 60 feet come down out of the air right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we'll do with movement later right now, instead of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): stuff is that good enough.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For chemists.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): badness.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm going to use my inspiration that I had from round one.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's a da.
Eric Rosenbaum: ne.
Timothy Sackton: Together bad hats.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So it's going to be five to six plus four.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then the additional inspiration damage right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yep what's that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Additional damage from the inspiration which is going to be.
Mike Sackton: gotta be almost out.
Timothy Sackton: The as you as you head em.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that that damage clusters around like um as you do, the damage, she likes staggers back and then there's like sort of ghostly presence around him sort of reforms and he stands back and he looks at you like super pest.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You like looks over at cadmus Adam.
Mike Sackton: Has has the ghost disappeared yeah.
Mike Sackton: You have to make it two more.
Mike Sackton: As Jason checks.
goes.
Timothy Sackton: i'm rolling this one's a little tougher.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Eric Eric do you have the bonus.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: must be an additional.
Timothy Sackton: Does does not vanish.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't matter because that negates all the damage and set some to one hit point so.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't matter what the bones.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was it's gonna be the eight anyway it's the future reference role they go dark party rolled.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So he's a one.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: who's up next.
Timothy Sackton: marsala and then cadmus.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just curious.
If.
Mike Sackton: I would go out you could still surrender and face justice for the seven murders committed.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: I don't really want to play out the way this would actually happen, which is kindness is ghost attempting to murder.
Timothy Sackton: But I feel like you guys aren't really giving me much choice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): feel equally backs into the.
Eric Rosenbaum: temple.
Timothy Sackton: Marseille marsala well.
Timothy Sackton: Well, look at this scene see many people very close to dying and try again as cassie and tried and say and just kind of yell out.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Listen.
Timothy Sackton: We can go our separate ways.
Timothy Sackton: We can acknowledge we've all made mistakes.
Timothy Sackton: This doesn't have to be the end.
kate: To what you're saying is you want to stop fighting Now you can come back and fight us again later with a couple extra friends, we don't trust you to stop.
kate: torturing us until you're dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's an aggressor here it's not us leave us the Fuck alone.
kate: If you say oh i'm just tired of this battle and i'll never bother you again ever cross my heart, and neither will any of these monsters.
Mike Sackton: Maybe what are you going to answer for the menu kill.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Family menu till.
Timothy Sackton: We never meant.
Timothy Sackton: never came here to kill I didn't.
kate: live.
Mike Sackton: Whatever you came here to kill.
Timothy Sackton: again.
Timothy Sackton: If you had not left me bleeding for dead cassie and probably not would have not done that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): doesn't make sense kasim didn't have any half of an idea of what was going on a quarter mile down the road.
kate: You got a lefty with a cup of tea tied up and he wouldn't have known.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure what's the guy's name again for started this whole thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pamela's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let us in prison cat most and the rest of you can go.
Timothy Sackton: If you don't stop this right now.
Timothy Sackton: Some of you will die.
Timothy Sackton: There is no, there is no imprisoning we all walk away with our lives or not on this microwave which would you like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): make us an offer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Serious.
Timothy Sackton: Give me back my stuff.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then I said a serious offer.
Timothy Sackton: That is a serious offer.
Mike Sackton: acknowledge that you murdered seven people and show some damn remorse.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't murder anyone I was nearly murder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lady said, give us backer stuff what stuff.
Mike Sackton: We took.
kate: Her shoes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh shoot oh yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she's marcella talking.
Mike Sackton: You think.
Mike Sackton: We probably shouldn't have left for dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well we're running this just it's.
kate: So far away, I couldn't heal her.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it would have been vicious to kill her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what's your offer take back take back your stuff what else.
Timothy Sackton: We walk away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then you come back again tomorrow, the next day next week.
kate: hey you just want to reschedule this for tuesday's routinely.
kate: Do we have to save.
Timothy Sackton: You have never.
Timothy Sackton: tried to hurt you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, no you've tried to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): steal from us and you're trying to.
Timothy Sackton: steal from you we've tried to convince you to negotiate with us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You tried to term us with magic.
kate: you've tried to intimidate us and to.
Timothy Sackton: wire stuff you have tried to murder us.
well.
Timothy Sackton: As worse.
Mike Sackton: What you what you we did was a mysterious invisible creature broke into our guarded camp at night, however, we can now.
Mike Sackton: Are you saying that we shouldn't attack invisible creatures that break into our camp at night, what would you do if an invisible creature broke into your cabin right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What would you do if we broke into your campaign.
Mike Sackton: What are you really saying that if any of us came and stole your stuff you would just say that's enough we'll just let them go.
Timothy Sackton: We wouldn't let you take the stuff but we went tried to murder you.
kate: didn't try to murder you.
Timothy Sackton: You left me for dad.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You look for.
kate: me die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay Look, we accept your offer take your stuff and get the hell out of here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And swear to us never to come after us again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in any way in any cutting into a century.
Timothy Sackton: I am sick of you, but I don't think you can get that product promise out of.
Timothy Sackton: she's like nods over at her company.
Timothy Sackton: Take what you can get.
kate: Man crew just.
kate: have to kill them another day because they don't want to.
kate: Go today.
kate: Like if the.
kate: Can you name something in the whole world, that you will take from us, can we go on a quest for you and find a.
diamond pool.
Eric Rosenbaum: or something they can have all the drain Korean stuff that's hidden under that green cloud over there.
Something.
Timothy Sackton: From drink or to bring back to chart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Give them the fucking top you don't give them the you didn't affecting a.
Timothy Sackton: catalyst currently has top.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Honestly at the top.
Timothy Sackton: it's all it wasn't he.
Eric Rosenbaum: floated out of the temple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A bad time you've got the top.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: leave us the Fuck alone.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Timothy Sackton: I don't want anybody more to die, to me, and I can.
Timothy Sackton: See again looks over at that.
Timothy Sackton: But you start a fight you got to expect to fight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I hear you saying you're not empowered to negotiate for your whole team and whatever agreement you make with us won't be honored by the others.
Timothy Sackton: I am trying to prevent death.
Timothy Sackton: that's a yes friends annual.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): figure out how to hold them to it will feel different.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know why we would trust you.
Mike Sackton: need that who's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually we've done everything we have done nothing, nothing against our word towards you.
zero.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We spoke with you in good faith, we said we wouldn't negotiate with you and chart in you refuse that offer tried to charm us to which was a hostile act which we responded, we then parted ways again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's no that could have been it then you chased us down broken to our camp we defend ourselves so who's the aggressor here.
kate: you're handing us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): An offer no promise or even vague assurance that you will continue.
kate: Offering no feasible way for you to stop there's no way to make you go away that's why we feel like we have to fight with lethal force because you will never stop harassing us.
kate: We will stop tonight we will stop right now, we will stop everybody go away.
kate: This was our camp you go.
Mike Sackton: Every action tonight, has been started by you.
Mike Sackton: Most some of the demon.
kate: yeah you're all about.
kate: let's stop the fighting, then i'd like to see you three walk away right now, or fly or jump or whatever you want to do get out.
Timothy Sackton: toss me my things and I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Think we've stolen fair and square.
kate: Oh.
kate: For crying out loud.
Mike Sackton: I, I agree with welby I think we should potentially give them their things as part of a family negotiation, but they're clearly thieves who are willing to steal things, why do you deserve it.
Timothy Sackton: Because we didn't kill you.
kate: You killed seven of us there were 12 now there are five.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You didn't murder seven of us.
kate: That doesn't count not killing us.
too.
Mike Sackton: hard to take the attitude that because they are not as powerful, they are not worthy.
Mike Sackton: There were seven human beings you killed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seven tomorrow with families.
Mike Sackton: Who we had taken her for next year.
Mike Sackton: So don't act like nothing bad happened, and we can all go back to our life.
Mike Sackton: something bad happened.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're not responsible for your failure to find artifacts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Your own IT and.
Mike Sackton: I am sympathetic barcella i'm not saying we need to keep all your weapons and leave you stranded in the wilderness here but acknowledge it is our favor to return them to you because you clearly believe stealing is fine and okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and coercion is fine and okay.
Mike Sackton: Or if you don't believe that, why are you stealing.
Timothy Sackton: I just want to go home.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good.
Timothy Sackton: My friends are.
Timothy Sackton: I should say my traveling companions are perhaps not so.
Timothy Sackton: Open minded, but I think they have seen.
Timothy Sackton: This is not an easy fight to win.
Timothy Sackton: But they could have.
Timothy Sackton: They could have ended.
Timothy Sackton: And cassie and chose not.
Timothy Sackton: I think that deserves some consideration.
kate: He could stop it killing only seven people instead of 12 bravo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There, so I think you and I chose not to.
Timothy Sackton: That is a fair point.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So.
Timothy Sackton: I was are as bad as cassie.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wonder seven so far.
Timothy Sackton: Do not think he expected them to die so easily not that is a Defense.
kate: He whips the other mankind is someplace safe right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh shit or die.
Mike Sackton: We.
Timothy Sackton: stayed he stayed inside like a.
salesperson.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So listen.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody but me.
Timothy Sackton: And I take some blame for.
Timothy Sackton: getting caught.
Timothy Sackton: cassie and cosmos you.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody made choices that escalated conflict.
Timothy Sackton: But even cassie and couldn't drop a fireball and a bunch of.
Timothy Sackton: Nearly dead unconscious people.
Timothy Sackton: could have any.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
kate: let's get back to the part where you leave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am so.
kate: Oral argument is not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Christmas Christmas right on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The part where you leave and leave us alone and never find talk to us again that's that's the part where we're at and we'll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: proceed.
kate: or all negotiate down from that just leave now we don't trust you to make any promises beyond that just.
kate: walk away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): here's the thing, and I am mindful of how late in the morning, it is and i'm not doing this to prolong this unnecessarily but here's the thing, I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If they're going to keep coming at us and coming at us, this is our best shot in this moment there, they are divided at least one of them, two of them are at one point I have no idea if we can actually kill them, but like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If we think that they're just going to keep coming at us and coming at us over and over again, what is the point of them walking away today only to die tomorrow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I don't want to live looking over my shoulder for the rest of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You unless they can provide us any kind of assurance of any kind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What why let them walk away only to grow stronger and ambitious again in the future.
kate: Well, well because well being we might kill one of them permanently lose two members of our crew then kill the other one and then make peace with the third.
kate: If I don't know about.
Timothy Sackton: Our camp tonight hector will slaughter all of you.
Timothy Sackton: every single one of you will be dead, if you do not return.
Timothy Sackton: You think that you can take him in your current state.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we can hide for a night pretty well.
Timothy Sackton: I do not want to, I do not want to die.
Timothy Sackton: Right now, we could kill you, I do not want anybody to die.
Timothy Sackton: You get out of here alive.
Mike Sackton: Nobody is stopping you from leaving this very moment.
Timothy Sackton: With a bow back, please.
Mike Sackton: Fine, take give her weapons.
Timothy Sackton: And the ring.
Mike Sackton: Keep the rain.
Mike Sackton: that's your that's your payment.
Mike Sackton: Go cod.
Mike Sackton: or convince your companions to make some sort of promise that we can believe.
Timothy Sackton: What promise, would you believe.
Mike Sackton: The very first promise I would believe with them saying I promised you never return and come after you again.
Mike Sackton: That would be a starting spot.
Timothy Sackton: You gotta have looks over at cadmus he's like clearly in rough shape and just letting this conversation go well, he tried to catch his breath.
Timothy Sackton: And cassie and who is like moved out of the swarm bottle and is like wounded and like looks like he's preparing a spell.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of looks at him like no.
Timothy Sackton: And he kind of looks over cabos.
Timothy Sackton: padma steps forward and says.
Timothy Sackton: returner things and we will.
Timothy Sackton: go straight to chart in and leave up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On.
Timothy Sackton: cannot promise you will be saved rapper.
Timothy Sackton: But we will go straight to chart.
Timothy Sackton: There are many dangers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We accept.
Eric Rosenbaum: think so.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
Mike Sackton: Man you killed had families.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Families.
Mike Sackton: i'm here, where do.
You.
kate: Do row.
Mike Sackton: Do you count hobgoblin.
Mike Sackton: to count knowles humans none.
Mike Sackton: hey aware gets.
Mike Sackton: 25 gold ahead.
Mike Sackton: we'll see it sent to their.
Mike Sackton: dependence.
Mike Sackton: You currently have the funds, you asked us $500.
Mike Sackton: Where the cars are people.
Mike Sackton: You offered us 500 gold from your information, do not pretend you can't afford it.
Mike Sackton: show some humanity and i'll believe your promise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: cameras is like kind of limping now and let's definitely looks windy and exhausted and just kind of looking around looks over casting heather shakes his head.
Timothy Sackton: has seen.
Mike Sackton: Very well, he is.
Timothy Sackton: In cautious when.
afraid.
Timothy Sackton: This should not have happened.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Timothy Sackton: You should have taken our gold.
kate: And just.
Something.
kate: We have nothing you want.
Mike Sackton: We have no items that we don't want ourselves.
Timothy Sackton: He just laughs.
Mike Sackton: He didn't seem interested in the top.
Timothy Sackton: Oh i'm keeping the top.
kate: enjoy the top.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): whoo how come you're keeping the top over that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This ridiculous.
Timothy Sackton: oh one is much more powerful than the other, and you know this wow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah so testing back the top.
Mike Sackton: Because he's a thief at heart.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): makes sense to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cardone and way.
Timothy Sackton: You know very little of charming kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: You have much to learn.
Mike Sackton: You know very little about it.
Timothy Sackton: I know enough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: earlier in the day I might have gotten into a rage, but i'm actually much more calm now and i'll just slightly laugh to myself to your comment.
Timothy Sackton: knots the calcium pay the man.
Timothy Sackton: cassie and kind of grumbles and counts out.
Timothy Sackton: However much gold, you said.
Timothy Sackton: hundred and 75 golden says.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh.
Timothy Sackton: you're traveling with people who die so easily.
Timothy Sackton: They should have defended themselves you didn't die same magic.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't expect it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The chart on Ian way, let us all remember.
Timothy Sackton: You will never accidentally kill someone you didn't mean to kill, because they are weaker than you thought.
Timothy Sackton: Be careful how you fight.
Mike Sackton: So yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of bows and starts turns his back and starts walking away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm going to walk over to Marcel and have a whispered conversation with her republican on that side.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): executing the step ethic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know this is fucked up right.
Timothy Sackton: We all have our reasons for doing things that he has more to chart and then kenza things.
kate: that's what we're afraid of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The thing that I don't understand is why that level of desperation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what's behind that I just.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We go our ways, maybe less you can charge, but what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's a good question of what you fear so much in charge, and that you would slay innocent omari.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, this is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is.
Mike Sackton: Over and whispered conversation it.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you can chime in whispers to you again, she says.
Timothy Sackton: Not everything is as it seems in the society of the open school.
Timothy Sackton: and not all failures are punished in civil ways.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): looks up flew away for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: And may find myself.
Timothy Sackton: disappearing on the way back if I can avoid and she glances over cadmus and cassie.
Timothy Sackton: Please don't say anything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel better at that are returning these then and I slipped the ring off my finger and put it under hers.
Timothy Sackton: may help me escape.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come find us come join us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why not join the army were raising.
Mike Sackton: You don't they just jumped the rv.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we just started so we're gonna we're gonna get more.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll put my hand up to her to shake their hands do cross again.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of looks at you, and just whispers really quiet, I am sorry they're watching.
Timothy Sackton: And she like just turned her back heartily and like spits on the ground in front of you, and just watch it walks away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll say luckily no harm no foul.
Timothy Sackton: Well, sorry about how that turned out.
Timothy Sackton: really not expected.
Mike Sackton: I mean anything good or bad, but what did you expect what you said sorry just steal some whatever date that we weren't gonna chase or that we weren't gonna succeed catching.
Timothy Sackton: Well, that I thought you weren't gonna succeed.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Timothy Sackton: She was hey instead.
Timothy Sackton: With.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: So that's like a.
Timothy Sackton: yeah movements that the ego whistle you went to had no chance.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I just forgot about you got so many magic items that you never use when you actually do use them are.
Timothy Sackton: Actually super powerful.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So yes, I thought you were just get away.
Timothy Sackton: I thought he would give them, I thought you would give them something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Even the top.
kate: We don't.
kate: I mean charmed dealt with offered them his ring.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We offered them, I feel like them, they seriously undervalued, the maps they.
Timothy Sackton: Did undervalue the maps, because they can't bring that back to.
Mike Sackton: We also don't have anything to give.
Timothy Sackton: yeah honestly if you had like given them the top they probably would have just gone away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I probably even the top didn't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): offer them we offer them the top in the maps we offer them the top of the maps.
kate: And they said no to the top and maps.
Timothy Sackton: and offer them.
kate: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We offer the top of the maps.
Timothy Sackton: Did you drag us through this for three hours.
kate: He.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really did, because then, because then they're like oh it's just like a child's trinket or whatever they didn't seem satisfied by it, but we did offer them, that would be this is recorded, you can look back, we did.
Timothy Sackton: The recording.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Then we sweeten the deal with the math on top of.
kate: yeah yeah yeah.
kate: And so, then we thought there was nothing we could give them that sounds like.
kate: They said no to the map, plus to ups.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other than the Center which we definitely weren't going to go.
Timothy Sackton: Well i'm sorry if there was just a big misunderstanding.
Timothy Sackton: grafton bunch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like I like what what happens today, this was a we forged our our at now collective hatred of charted which is really.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great at.
Eric Rosenbaum: are a little.
Timothy Sackton: More going on than you think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, but this is this is yeah I can't wait to raise an army to write against hard to now with Sarah.
kate: i'm not really sure there's an argument that like it dangerously.